[music]
>> Mag 7 hasn't been the monolith that it
had been in the last couple years.
>> Had companies healthy balance sheets,
but on the margin they're getting worse
rather than better.
>> More cash flow is generated in Mag 7
than the rest of the S&P. There is a lot
going on into next year, [music] which
is why I think we're positive, but I
think there may be some volatility.
>> There's a 30% [music]
chance that you get a full-on bubble
next year.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan [music]
Ferro, Lisa Abramowicz, and Anne Marie
Hordern.
Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance on this Friday. Stocks
poised for their third straight week of
gains climbing to all-time highs
yesterday as hopes for that Santa rally
take hold. Investors looking beyond just
big tech as they see Fed rate cuts
helping to fuel broader economic
strength. Now the focus turns to next
week, a dump of much-awaited data with
the November payrolls report, retail
sales, and CPI on deck. David Gura
pulled the short straw once again. I'm
so glad to have you in the seat, David.
To me this is going to be a real
question. How much does the economy rise
to the occasion of the strength implied
by some of the recent equity gains?
>> Yeah, we're on the heels of this Federal
[music] Reserve meeting where the Fed
chair was very forthright about the fact
that he didn't have the data that he
wanted to have going into this. He's
kind of fumbling [music] through this in
the way that he can only because we have
all this backlog of data.
I mean, we haven't even known when it's
going to be released. So, this is a a
pivotal moment I think to get
confirmation of the very rosy growth
forecast that we got at that meeting
just a couple [music] days ago. And
whether we can see the sustained
rotation. We're seeing it you know,
again this morning this idea that even
if you have big tech underperforming and
you have some of the biggest names in
the index declining significantly, you
still [music] can eke out gains
highlights how much people are turning
their eyes elsewhere and how much people
can look past the pain of potentially
over overestimating some of the gains
from artificial intelligence.
>> There we go. So, we move from Oracle to
Broadcom. Less oomph to surrounding
those earnings releases I think,
although funny that the company
performed very well by many measures and
yet there is this open question of
what's the timing. [music] We talked a
lot about that yesterday. When does Wall
Street need to see the proof in the
pudding? He was unable to answer that,
even though, you know, again, sales
figures, revenue [music] all rose higher
than I think a lot of people expected.
>> And I think ongoing the question is
going to be are
are are some of these tech companies not
delivering on very high expectations or
is this an issue of investors looking
for any excuse to sell and potentially
some bright shoots for people who want
to get bullish in the sector because
guess what? This is not a full-blown
bubble if everyone is so skeptical and
keep keeps on talking about bubbles.
>> There you go. We did talk a lot about
bubbles, made the hand motions yesterday
over over over again. But, yeah, I think
consensus is we're not there yet, but
there are some signs here [music] that
are worrisome for a lot of folks. Right
now what we're seeing in market just
taking a little bit of half to out of
the rally that we saw yesterday closing
at all-time highs dipping just about a
tenth of a percent on the S&P. You're
seeing a little bit of yields rising on
the long end, the rally into the front
end continuing yield curve steepening
getting to the widest in the two's tens
spread going back to April [music]
around the liberation day discussion.
And you know, after seeing some dollar
weakness and the expectation that next
year you could see ongoing dollar
depreciation. [music]
Right now just around that 117 mark on
the euro dollar. Coming up this hour
Peter Shear of Academy Securities with
stocks trying to end the week at fresh
record highs. Jason Bazinet of Citi as
Disney makes a billion-dollar investment
in OpenAI and Karen Mana of Federated
Hermes with historic AI deals reshaping
the debt markets. We begin this hour
with stocks steady as the focus shifts
from the Fed to the data. Peter Shear of
Academy Securities writing now we can
watch the data and let the countdown to
the Santa rally begin. And he put a
little smiley emoji and there is a real
[laughter] question here. Is this
ultimately a market that wants to go up
and is going to go up because there is a
dearth of other information to really
prevent it from doing otherwise? Yeah,
and I think you're seeing it you know,
the Russell 2000 is doing very well. I
think there's still questions
surrounding you know, the big tech, the
AI story, but you're seeing the equal
weight S&P 500 do better, Russell 2000.
I think it's helpful that the Fed is
buying some T-bills up to $40 billion a
month. So, you're seeing all that. I
think you know, the Oracle earnings
yesterday kind of spooked the market a
little bit and I think that's maybe the
one susceptibility is there's a lot more
questions around the AI data center, but
as rates are coming down, I think we're
going to get rate cuts faster than
markets pricing. That should be really
good for small caps and the broad
economy. How much better are you feeling
about big tech given the fact that
you've seen such a lack of enthusiasm
following some of these earnings? You
know, I think there's still questions
about valuations there. The one thing
that's I think coming up in every
conversation we have is more and more
questions about the electricity
bottleneck. How are we going to run some
of these things if we can't produce the
electricity? So, I think again, we're
going to see a lot of investment in the
electricity next year. That's going to
be a story. I still think that come the
next you know, election,
electricity and electricity costs are
going to be an election issue. Peter,
how much do you look at a company like
Broadcom or Oracle as a proxy for this
nascent industry as as a whole? You
there's kind of that collection you're
looking at what they're doing. You're
also trying to figure out how you know,
again, the Disney announcement
yesterday. How are stocks reacting to
this? And you know, it feels that we've
kind of gone through this period where
if you raise your hand, say anything AI,
your stock shoots higher. Now there's a
lot of questions. People are trying to
figure out where is this going to work?
How's it actually going to work? And you
know, again, you know, going to be
somewhat facetious. If you spend $50 and
you hire 10 fewer people, how much were
you paying those people? Maybe you
shouldn't have done that. So, I I think
the AI story is growing. We're seeing
the use, but now it's kind of there's a
little bit more question. Are you
spending it? Are you getting value? How
do you want to use it going forward?
Lisa mentioned the high expectations
that we've had for a lot of these
companies. Is this a moment to
recalibrate or rethink what those
expectations are? So, I look at a
company like Oracle or I look at a
company like Broadcom.
There's been a lot of happy talk. It has
performed very well quarter after
quarter after quarter. Now we're at a
point where maybe we just can't reach
those expectations that have been in
place for for so long.
>> Right, it gets much more difficult. So,
again, one of the trades we've liked is
you are either underweight QQQ or you
know, the Nasdaq 100 and you're
overweight either the S&P 500 equal
weight or the Russell 2000. I think
that's where the performance is going to
come as we realize all these other
companies who are benefiting from AI,
they should trade maybe at better
multiples. The business is here and
you're starting to see rates come down
again, which helps a lot of those
companies much more than it helps I
think the big companies. We're kind of
walking a tightrope though. I remember
just a couple of months ago people
saying that if the AI trade doesn't
work, it's going to bring down
everything because ultimately the entire
market and economy has been propped up
by AI hopes and dreams. Why has that
changed in terms of a narrative so
substantially? Well, [clears throat] I
think we're still seeing the investing
going on in that part. So, the spend is
still there. So, I think if that spend
really drops, that's where you start
really getting in trouble. Then we start
questioning okay, where is this economy
headed? And I'm definitely not quite
saying green about the economy. I think
there are some risks there. I think the
jobs data
I I think a lot of companies are
actually going to budget less spending
next year. I think it's going to start
flowing through the economy where you
slowly see the uptick in tariffs. Right?
As this tariff revenue keeps coming in
slowly and surely, 240, 250, 300
billion, that's when you start feeling
the impact on that. I think the job
market is a little bit sketchy. What I
did Of all the data I saw this week, I
still look at the JOLTS quit very very
closely. To me that's the closest we get
to crowdsourcing. We're back to levels
in the quits rate, I think it was 1.8 or
something. It goes back to 2015. People
aren't comfortable leaving their jobs.
That tells you everyone knows the job
market is a little bit sketchier than
maybe the data shows. I'm so glad you
went there. Next week we get the
November jobs report, which of course is
delayed and a lot of people in Marine in
particular was really annoyed that we
didn't get it before the Fed meeting.
And we seem to get indication from Fed
chair Jay Powell that there is this
weakness in the labor market that you're
talking about. How pivotal is that
report to highlight that things aren't
falling off a cliff? Yes, the Fed's
going to cut rates, but the economy is
actually still hanging in there.
>> Well, I hope it's pivotal and shows that
we're not falling off the cliff. I think
there is a risk that this data comes in
much weaker than we're expecting and
that's kind of this wake-up call. Okay,
we've all been talking about this
jobless recovery and yeah, the data
center spend has been driving a lot of
the economy. Where are the jobs? Who's
getting the jobs? Where are they coming?
You know, again, everything I talk to
and probably near and dear to my heart,
you know, kids graduating college, the
job market looks very bleak right there
from compared to what it's been a few
years ago. So, I I I think we might be
starting to get the data that really
starts confirming woah, something's not
quite working. And I think everything's
been a little bit tall and let's see how
these things play out. Let's see how the
trade deals play out. Let's see. Now
we're at that proof is in the pudding
and I'm a little bit nervous that the
jobs data is going to show this is not
working the way we hoped it would be.
How are you thinking about Fed timing
and insurance? I think Claire Jones of
the FT asked the question a lot of us
had going into that meeting, which is
why do this cut now? Why not wait till
January when we would have the data that
we're we're talking around because we
haven't had it. Why not wait
into January? Did he give you a
satisfactory answer then in that press
conference? You know, I think the
ultimate reason is they are concerned
about jobs and there's just enough out
there I think on the jobs data. And not
just official data. I think it's
anecdotally, right? There's no one I'm
hearing talk about oh, there's some
great underlying strength. And you know,
it was kind of weird. They did raise the
GDP forecast, but again, they didn't
seem to you know, accompany that with a
big job growth. So, I think that's why
they did it. And honestly, I think
you're going to see a lot of pressure. I
think the market is going to get to 3%
on Fed funds way faster. I think we get
there by the summer. Market's not
pricing in two cuts next year until
September. I think Powell will have to
cave. I think we're going to have to
move and this is going to be an
aggressive cycle where we've been maybe
a little bit tight too long, too
dependent on allowing that AI spend to
maybe cloud or cover up that there is an
underlying weaker economy going on.
Curious if you noticed something that I
did during that press conference. Was
the the Fed chair very willing to engage
with AI in a way that he hadn't been
able to before. So, there were a number
of colloquies with Howard Schneider and
Neil Irwin, Steve Liesman. They asked
about AI, how much he's thinking about
it.
And he was pretty optimistic. You know,
he talked about the prospects of AI
spend continuing here at a moment when
we are candidly kind of wondering about
how long that's likely to to persist.
What did you make of that? His kind of
recognition of the fact that this is
going to be rather seismic going
forward.
I I think it's good. I I think it all
makes sense. Again, I
we are going to continue to use AI.
People are going to refine how they use
AI. They're going to He admitted he uses
it, which I thought was interesting. I
think you know, I use it multiple
different ways. You know, if I'm on
Twitter, I tend to use Grok. If I'm on
my desktop, I tend to use ChatGPT or
something like that. So, I think it's an
important part, but again, I think we
also see some of the limitations. and
I'm still at this concern that we're
basically paying 2030 prices for 2025
technology. And so, it's not quite where
we want it to be, and people are going
to be a little bit more thoughtful on
their spend. And I keep coming back to
whether it's with the DATs or the
digital asset treasury companies, you
know, when there's this you raise your
hand, you raise free money, it's going
to continue. As soon as you start really
questioning, are we getting the value?
And what are the limitations? Again, I
keep thinking that it's going to be
electricity and power generation is the
limitation. People are going to have to
think twice. That's where it's going to
stall out a little bit. David, I'm so
glad that Peter talked about this. The
idea of are we getting the value? I
think about ChatGPT, I look up medical
problems. With Grok, I say, is this
real? And that's what everybody does. Is
this real?
>> you're doing this.
So, at a certain point, you could either
go to the Merck Manual or you could
actually just not have digital
manufacturing of of of concepts, and
then all of a sudden you clarify those
two issues. I mean, are we actually
solving some of the issues that people
think will create the productivity boom
that's being priced into the market?
>> I've heard skeptics say you can take out
a calculator and do 2 + 2 is 4. If you
do it through ChatGPT, it's going to
take up I don't know how much more
energy to do that than it would with my
little solar-powered calculator. But
this is a real issue, I think. People
are kind of I I think it's emblematic of
the fact that we're trying to fumble
through this figuring out sort of what
the best use case is. We're doing that
individually, you with your medical
interests or whatever. And you know, but
more broadly speaking, but then there's
this whole enterprise facet of this as
well, which is I think companies are
still embracing this largely, but in a
kind of blind way not knowing how it's
going to be applicable to what they're
doing. Yeah, and you know, I again
half-jokingly say I think in some cases
if they just ask their employees who've
been there three or four years what they
should do, they'd probably get a really
good answer. Maybe we should go back to
empowering our employees too. Like,
people know the situation, and some of
this feels a little bit like a crutch.
And again, there's going to be useful
parts of it. I think the limitation is
how much data do you have, how useful is
your data? You got to plug it into
there. So, people are using it. I think
it's you know, makes people slightly
more productive. I don't think it's kind
of this be-all and end-all that
ultimately should get to, right? There
it's going to do more and more, it's
going to get better and better. I just
don't see the technology quite at that
level. And when I try and use it, it's
great until you realize, oh,
it hallucinated a ticker symbol. And now
I'm like, now what else do I have to
check? What else do I really need to go?
And also, it's how do you learn if you
kind of rely on it for too much?
>> Yeah, I will say my kids say, look, I
don't know how good it is if it didn't
get me an A.
Just say. Peter [laughter] Academy
Securities is going to be sticking with
us for the hour. We're going to get into
geopolitics and a whole host of other
stories coming up. Right now, let's get
you an update on stories elsewhere this
morning. Here is your Bloomberg Brief,
Bonnie Quinn. Bonnie. [music] Lisa, good
morning. China is investing in its
homegrown chip business, preparing as
much as 70 billion dollars [music] in
chip sector incentives. The program
aiming to reduce China's reliance on
foreign chipmakers and support [music]
local companies such as Huawei and
Cambricon Technologies.
President Trump signing an executive
order to go after state-level regulation
[music] of artificial intelligence.
Trump saying the industry shouldn't have
to navigate a patchwork of AI rules. The
order directs the Attorney General to
set up an AI litigation task force to
sue over state laws that are
inconsistent with the White House
policy.
Lululemon shares rallying in the
premarket. The company announcing that
CEO Calvin McDonald is stepping down at
the end of January as the company works
to reignite growth. The CFO and chief
commercial officer will serve as interim
[music] co-CEOs while the company
searches for a replacement. And that is
your Bloomberg [music] Brief, Lisa.
Thank you so much, Bonnie. Up next,
pushing for peace.
To make elections possible, there must
be a security component, and America can
help with this the most.
>> We would help. We would help with
security because it's I think a
necessary factor in getting it done.
Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall and Oliver
Crook both joining us next to get the
latest. This is Bloomberg Surveillance.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Looking at trying to get another day of
gains after what we've seen for the past
week, which is potentially a third
straight weekly gain. Yesterday, we saw
all-time highs. Today, taking heat out
of that. S&P futures lower by a tenth of
a percent. The underperformance in the
at Nasdaq in the tech-focused sector is
down a half of a percent. Check out the
Russell 2000. This has been the
outperformer, it continues to be [music]
today. This has been the rotation up for
tenths of a percent, absolutely surging
with a whole host of contributors as you
have a yield curve steepening, as you
have this optimism about Fed rate cuts,
and frankly, as people looked to more
underpriced sectors [music]
within the broader equity space. Right
now, if you take a look at twos, tens,
and 30s, that is where you're getting
the yield curve [music] steepening. That
is where you're getting the action
that's driving some of the heat in
particularly bank stocks, but in the
broader sort of rest of the market.
Two-year yields lower just a touch,
3.53%,
but higher across the board. 30-year
yields back up to 4.82%. [music]
You're seeing the steepest twos-tens gap
going back to mid-April. Under
surveillance this morning, pushing for
peace. [music]
We can try to hold elections. Ukraine is
not uh
hiding
uh from democracy, but to make elections
possible, there must be a security
component, and America can help with
this the most.
>> We would help. We would help with
security because it's I think a
necessary factor in getting it done.
We'll be attending the meeting on
Saturday in Europe if we think there's a
good chance, and we don't want to
waste a lot of time. Here's the latest.
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy
floating the prospect of conceding
territory to Russia. President Trump
mentioning US security guarantees
without specifying details. Our team
coverage starts right now with
Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall in Washington
and Oliver Crook in Brussels. Ollie, I
want to start with you. What do you
expect from these meetings? Where is
this lining up in terms of where Europe
is and what Ukraine is expecting from
the United States?
So, what we understand is the last draft
that was sort of edited by the Europeans
and the Ukrainians is still resting with
the United States for their evaluation.
They, of course, will give an opinion on
that. And then there is this meeting
over the weekend at the high level of
Europeans. And as you heard there from
President Trump, still evaluating
evaluating whether or not the American
delegation will participate in those
talks. As we know, the Trump
administration has been fairly impatient
about the speed at which the Europeans
are moving, saying he doesn't want to
attend talks just for the sake of
talking, meetings just for the sake of
meetings. do think it's significant that
President Trump is talking openly about
security guarantees, obviously a
fundamental part of these negotiations,
but not something that President Trump
tends to talk that openly about. Though
he did not detail what they would
actually include. I would say that the
most interesting thing though that we've
seen over the last 48 hours or so is
this sort of geopolitical judo that
Zelenskyy is playing, using the momentum
of ideas that are quite hostile towards
Ukraine from the United States, holding
elections, also this idea of conceding
territory, and saying, listen, we are
willing to do these things. We will say
there are no bad ideas coming out of
Washington, D.C., but if we hold
elections, we need security guarantees.
We will hold them in 60 to 90 days if
you can guarantee the conditions for
security for holding that election. So,
Zelenskyy in that way providing what the
United States would like to see, but
getting something in return. And the
same thing with this idea of a
referendum over territory. This is
obviously the most contentious part of
this peace proposal, surrendering
additional territory to the Russians. If
Zelenskyy can say, hey, listen, we're
bringing this to the vote to the
population, one of the most emotional
issues that we can possibly think of,
and it's the Ukrainian population that
will decide. A, it takes out all the
wind from the sails of those who call
him a dictator and say this is
non-democratic. And B, it shows in very
sharp contrast what a democracy looks
like versus Russia. As Volodymyr
Zelenskyy plays diplomatic judo, Tyler,
there is this question in the United
States where President Trump sits on
this. He sent mixed messages, on one
hand expressing a lot of frustration
with how long this process is taking,
trying to get this done by Thanksgiving.
It went past that deadline. On the other
hand, he talked about potentially
providing security guarantees. Do we
have any insight into which way he's
leaning?
Right, Lisa. I mean, at this point, it's
always been shifting as you're outlining
here. But of course, as Oliver just
outlined, security guarantees have long
been one of those key sticking points.
And we really have seen the White
House's position on this evolve. You'll
recall for months we heard from US
officials that the guarantees were
really only going to be implicit
guarantees because the US would have a
vested economic interest in the future
of Ukraine after inking that critical
minerals deal earlier this week. In the
months since though, it has shifted with
the US committing to air support and
intelligence sharing, but we know that
Ukraine really wants to see the US go
further, perhaps even something that
mirrors NATO's Article 5 mutual defense
clause. But again, it is unclear at this
point exactly what the US will commit to
because there has been this mounting
frustration. Now, as Oliver also
mentioned, it's unclear right now if the
US is going to send a delegation to
those talks over the weekend despite
urging from European allies that
President Trump himself should be there.
But we should mention that the Ukrainian
President Zelenskyy did have a meeting
with some high-ranking US officials
earlier this week, including Secretary
of State Marco Rubio and special envoy
Steve Witkoff. And in the wake of that
meeting, the US has been really pressing
our European allies to press Ukraine to
accept the peace proposal that the US
has put on the table. Because Lisa, you
mentioned shifting deadlines. Ukrainian
President Zelenskyy said yesterday it
was of course no longer Thanksgiving,
we're past that, but that the US has
made absolutely clear it wants a clearer
picture on what Ukraine will accept by
now Christmas Day.
Ollie, one thing I'm wondering about,
are you hearing anything about Europe's
plan for Russia's frozen reserves? I
think there's been some pressure on them
to try and seize that. That could be a
potential shift in the talks. Are you
hearing anything how they're leaning
towards on that?
Yeah, so I'm standing right now at the
European Council where European finance
ministers are entering their second day
of meetings, and this is one of the big
issues they've been grilled upon for the
last couple of days and I spoke with a
couple finance ministers yesterday on
this very subject. So we should say
there are two main hurdles. One is the
question that to freeze these assets you
need to roll them over every six months.
That takes unanimity of every single
European state to vote on. The Europeans
are now changing that rule so that they
can go by so-called qualified majority,
meaning they can ice out Hungary and
Slovakia who have been these sort of
people who go against the consensus in
Europe in order to freeze those assets
indefinitely. That is one of the key
steps to getting those assets to the
Ukrainians. The second step is the
question of Belgium. They want to have
financial guarantees. Most of that money
is held in Belgium. They don't want to
be on the hook if they get sued by
Russia or this war ends for 140 billion
euros. The first hurdle has been
cleared. Now the second hurdle is what
they're trying to deal with. We have not
yet heard guarantees from the Belgians
to say that they're comfortable with the
reinsurances that they've got. That
being said, we are starting to get from
European leaders a lot more optimism
that they'll be able to come to a deal
on this next week when European leaders
meet in this very building. I should
just say that this is I have to say the
last point of leverage that European
leaders can really bring bring to the
negotiating table in the last moments of
these peace talks. A failure to do so
would be yet another humiliation, I
think, for European leaders in a year
that has been fairly rich in
humiliations and geopolitics for the
Europeans. Oliver Crook and Tyler
Kendall, both of you, thank you so much
for your reporting. Peter Shear, you
just asked this question about the
reserves. This has been one of the
points of leverage. This has also been
one of these sort of Hail Mary
approaches for Europe to get some
funding into Ukraine. From a markets
perspective, why is this so crucial,
right? What are the implications here?
>> [clears throat]
>> I think if they don't do this,
Zelensky's going to get forced into a
peace deal with Russia not on good
terms. I think Europe's going to lose
out on a lot of this. I think this is
really the only lever that Europe can
pull. It's get this money. It might
switch the narrative with President
Trump, too, where they go, "Hey, we can
actually now afford to buy better
equipment from you, more equipment. Will
you sell it to us?" And I think it's the
only way to put any pressure back on
Putin. And it's the first time I think
they're coming close to doing it. Again,
Europe cannot do enough militarily. They
don't have the military to support
Ukraine in the right way. That's the
only step they could do. And it's the
only thing that I think puts any
pressure on Putin to come to the table
in better terms than he's currently
willing to do. Oliver mentioned a moment
ago the specter of Russia perhaps suing
Euroclear that happened according to
Bloomberg News this morning just a few
hours ago. That suit being filed by
Russia. Peter, I'm curious as you watch
all this unfold, your sense of the US
strategy here. So we have the president
kind of going with a this could be an
email strategy toward these meetings.
He'll show up if there's something
tangible that could be gained from them.
But you know, we've we've seen this
evolution, the kind of diminution of
this 28-point plan down to a 20-point
plan. Your sense of sort of who is
running point here and and what the US's
goals are here going forward as these as
these talks unfold.
>> I think the US wants to give a lot of
preference to US corporations in the
rebuilding of this. So they They want
peace. And if you look at the original
28-point plan, right? Russia was going
to contribute a bunch of those reserves
to projects that the US would get 50%
off. The one thing I do know from people
in this administration, the president
was very frustrated with the rebuilding
of Iraq where he felt the US companies
weren't given enough of a head start to
really benefit from this. So if we get
to some sort of deal and it's driven by
the US, look for US companies to have a
really good head start in the rebuilding
of Russia and Ukraine two to five years,
I think. And when we're looking at that,
we think something's coming through. The
only lever power that Europe can pull is
the reserves. We are going to see this
rebuilding in places I think that are
going to become really interesting.
Poland, which has already become a hub.
We're also hearing more and more
companies are going to base themselves
in Romania. Romania has actually done a
very good job where the borders are. It
will allow companies to operate in both
Russia and Ukraine as part of this
rebuilding, but on safer territory. So I
think that's where this is all headed.
It is somewhat transactional and it's
really I think in Europe's hand to
either get these reserves, change the
narrative, or it's going to get pushed
into some sort of peace deal so we can
do the business. In Europe's hands, but
a very funny phenomenon here as we see
that gulf between Brussels and
Washington, Europe and the United States
growing wider and wider. Just curious to
me, Lisa, as I watch all this unfold,
where this lies in the broader strategy.
We see the national security strategy.
Europe being very much alone from from
the US in so many ways right now.
>> Yeah, and how much some of the
geopolitical alliances are shifting and
where Europe ends up in some of these,
which is the reason why they're grasping
at the last straw of leverage that they
potentially could have. Right now, we're
looking at markets turning as we all see
all of this. Peter Shear of Academy
Securities will be sticking with us.
Coming up, we've got Jason Bazinet of
City as Disney takes a billion-dollar
stake in OpenAI. It is deal season. It
is mergers and tie-ups and all sorts of
strange alliances. Plus, Yahaira Onnen
with your morning movers. Shares of Lulu
higher after announcing a CEO shake-up.
What kind of feeling [music] is it when
you leave as a CEO and the shares are up
9 and a half percent? This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Taking a little heat out of the rally
that we saw and get stocks to record
highs to close yesterday. Right now,
just off about a tenth of a percent on
the S&P. The underperformance continues
to be in the big tech space with Nasdaq
lower by almost 6/10 of a percent. The
outperformance once again in the small
caps. The 2000 futures up [music] 3/10
of a percent. The why is very much in
the bond space, very much in the heels
of the Fed meeting where there was a
rate cut, the third consecutive one, in
addition to expectations for additional
ones to next year and in 2027. [music]
The front end lower, 3.53%.
The long end higher, [music] 10-year
yields 4.17%.
30-year yields back up to 4.82% [music]
leading to this yield curve steepening.
I do want to point to silver. Silver has
actually been on a complete tear.
[music]
Has gone hyperbolic. We've seen
parabolic, I should say. Has more than
doubled this year. Has been surging of
late. I asked ChatGPT why. [laughter] It
said persistent supply shortages,
exploding industrial demand, investor in
safe haven, weaker US dollar monetary
expectations, and silver FOMO. Do you
have silver FOMO, Peter Shear?
Not really. It does seem like it was a
poor man's gold at one point and people
who missed the gold rally bought into
silver and now been rewarded more so. So
doesn't always happen. Again, gives me
optimism for the Russell 2000 and things
like that where the stocks that have
been left behind, maybe they get that
opportunity to really grow. Maybe
silver's going to be the bright spot for
smaller companies around the world.
Three hours away from the cash open.
Here are your morning movers with
Yahaira Onnen. Yahaira. Hi, Lisa. We
have a leadership shake-up at the top at
Lululemon and shares are surging nearly
10%. [music] The company saying that CEO
Calvin McDonald will step down at the
end of January [music] after more than a
year of underperformance and no word yet
on who [music] the successor will be.
But the leadership change comes as
Lululemon posted solid results, even
saying that the holiday season is off to
an encouraging [music] start. Meanwhile,
moving on to furniture retailer RH,
previously known as Restoration
Hardware, its shares are rising 3.7%
[music]
as as it shows a rare shows rare
momentum in a sector hit hard by tariffs
and a sluggish housing market. Third
quarter revenue rose at 9% [music]
outpacing rivals. And this is a company
whose CEO, of course, has not been shy
about calling out tariffs. Remember
earlier this year during an earnings
call, he shouted an expletive when he
saw the stock plunging due to President
[music] Trump's new tariffs. And we end
over in Switzerland. UBS shares are
rising 2 and a half percent after
[music] influential Swiss lawmakers came
out with the proposal
watering down stricter capital
requirements in a move that could spare
UBS from 26 billion dollars in capital
demands that the government has been
pushing. This is something that has been
hanging over UBS for about a year now
since they first started discussing
this. [music] So a bit of relief this
morning, Lisa. Thank you so much,
Yahaira. On our radar this morning,
President Donald Trump threatening land
strikes in Venezuela following the
seizure of an oil supertanker. The US
Treasury Department also sanctioning six
vessels and three members of President
Nicolas Maduro's family. A real sense
that things are heating up in an area
and a pretty controversial move, David.
Yeah, and the specter still looming
large is what's going to happen on land.
And Peter Shear, President Trump talking
about this in comments yesterday that
there's still the prospect of the US
taking action on land. And to to Lisa's
very good point here, we just see things
progressing down this path. I think
what's indefinite or or not
understandable at this time is sort of
where it all ends.
Not sure where it ends, but I think
there is a very strict timeline on this.
You don't put an aircraft carrier in
that region. It's not that effective.
It's very costly. There is pressure to
use it or kind of lose it. So I think
there's going to be a lot of pressure on
Maduro. We're going to see this escalate
till there's some sort of resolution.
And I think it's a matter of weeks, not
even months. Yeah, which is going to be
an ongoing question about how much this
links into both Russia and China
negotiations with the United States.
We've got more on that coming up next
hour. Meanwhile, China considering a
package of chip sector incentives worth
as much as 70 billion dollars. People
familiar with the matter telling
Bloomberg the program would aim to
reduce China's reliance on foreign
chipmakers such as Nvidia. So here's the
question. Would you prefer it to be
government financed? Or would you prefer
it to be private sector financed?
Because it seems like China's taking the
public sector approach. And the US,
David, is taking very much the private
sector.
>> ties in so nicely with the conversation
we've been having about is this a is
this a bubble or not? Are we seeing a
lot of frothiness here? And as you've
pointed out many times, I think what's
key here is China's approach is so
different. And so you have companies
here in the US doing what I think we
would expect them to do, which is
compete against one another in an
environment where there is scarcity.
Companies can't make enough of these
chips, enough of these products. Um I
think this is certainly likely to sort
of make that even starker in relief.
Yeah. Yeah, one thing we're watching
very closely at Academy is is there
signs that China's allowing the
entrepreneurial spirit to flourish
again, right? If it's a
government-mandated thing, they tell
everyone what to do, there's a decent
chance it doesn't work out well. If Deep
Seek wasn't a one-off, but kind of a
sign that, "Hey, you engineers, go
figure things out." That's when we're in
a little bit of trouble. It almost goes
back to the days, right, when Alibaba
rose and you had Jack Ma and China
allowed these kind of big success
stories. Then they clamped down on those
people and kind of made it very
government-controlled again. That to me
is going to be the swing. If it's
entrepreneurial, it's going to be more
dangerous. So hold on a second. This is
actually a really important point. Are
you saying that if this is more
government controlled in terms of how
they're trying to support the chip
sector in China? That actually is less
of a threat you think and less
potentially of an opportunity for an
investment sector.
>> tends to happen in those countries with
the PRC, right? No one wants to upset
the boss. So, even if they make
mistakes, it keeps going down, down,
down before they finally realize that.
So, that to me, if it's really
government directed, danger not as
dangerous. If they're giving this money
and encouraging, "Hey, go figure it out.
Try and beat the US and do what you
want." That's when it becomes more
dangerous, I think. Which is the reason
why a lot of people are looking at the
chip sector very closely. Broadcom, uh
yesterday sliding after the chip maker's
sales outlook for the AI market failed
to meet lofty expectation expectations.
The company CEO warning margins are
tightening while holding off on a
forecast for annual AI revenue calling
the figure a moving target. Mandeep
Singh of Bloomberg Intelligence joins us
now for more. Mandeep, how big of a
disappointment was this actually? I
mean, they beat pretty much across the
board. Uh they came out, he said, "I
don't want to be pinned down." Someone
tried to pin him down and then the
stocks fell. Can you give your take on
this?
Yeah, look, uh 90 days back they told us
you know, there will be adding two new
customers that are ramping up. We
learned yesterday one of them is
Anthropic. But, the disappointing part
was uh even Anthropic is using Google
TPUs designed as the basis for their own
chips. So,
uh I mean, essentially Broadcom's
biggest customer is Google. Uh it's
almost 90% of their AI revenues. And
even going forward uh like Anthropic
being a new customer is also using
Google design. So, the concentration
here is immense in terms of just relying
on one vendor, Google TPU designs. Uh
that is your primary customer. And
OpenAI, even though they've talked about
10 gigawatts of power that they want to
add, and they could be a new customer,
but the timeline on that is further out.
And that's where I think the market is
not sure about the backlog and whether
it will materialize from other vendors
outside of Google. Mandeep Singh of
Bloomberg Intelligence, thank you so
much. I'm sure we'll be following up
with you uh next week. Sticking with AI
and the application of it, Disney inking
a billion-dollar stake in OpenAI and
licensing more than 200 of its
characters to the startup. Jason Bazinet
of Citi writing, we suspect Disney views
the use of its IP as a free form of
marketing. The use of these characters
should help sustain and potentially
build long-term brand value. Jason has a
buy rating on shares of Disney with a
$145 price ticket. Those shares are up
4/10 of a percent in premarket trading.
Jason joins us now. Jason, thank you so
much for being with us. I thought this
was a fascinating move on the part of
Disney. It kind of goes to the heart of
the anxiety for content creators. Is AI
going to be a partner? Is it going to be
a cannibal? Is it going to make you
obsolete? What do you take from this
approach from Disney?
Well, there's part of this deal we like,
Lisa, and part that we don't. Um the
part that we like is we'd rather see a
commercial deal than litigation. Um and
so, we like the idea that they've inked
something. We think Disney's going to
get some cash for the use of its IP. And
we like the idea that the use case has
been ring-fenced. These animated
characters, short-form video, that makes
a ton of sense. Um the part I don't like
is the billion-dollar investment.
Um and explain why. Uh I I I have
another question, but let me let me
tease that out of you a little bit. Why
are you so down on this investment,
which I think some could argue is sort
of them, you know, solidifying a stake
here in a company that has had more than
buzz over the last couple of years and
and a lot of people are thinking it's
kind of the the future of tech more
broadly.
Well, Disney has First of all, I've
never had an investor tell me that they
invest in Disney cuz they have an astute
venture capital arm. It's just not what
investors care about that are Disney
shareholders.
The reason I think that is is Disney
tends to have a propensity to invest its
capital at sort of the peak of the
mania. And so, I could go back to, you
know, the Infoseek investments that they
made in the '90s, they never went
anywhere.
A bunch of video game developers, when
video games are going very quickly, they
shut all those down. A couple of years
ago, they invested in Epic Games. I
think it was a billion and a half-dollar
investment. We'll see where that goes,
but that was at the height of the
metaverse. And now we have the height of
AI. And we see a billion-dollar equity
investment. So, I you know, maybe this
works out really well for Disney, but
but call me a bit skeptical. Pour one
out for Infoseek. Haven't thought of
that company in a long time. But, let's
get back to the use case here, Jason,
cuz I am very curious about this. It
strikes me maybe we're closer to Anne
Marie and John being out and Mickey'll
be sitting at the table with with Lisa
or Steamboat Willie or Donald Duck. Um
but, I want to ask about Sora because my
sense of Sora, this product that OpenAI
has made, is that it hasn't gotten a lot
of widespread adoption or interest.
There's that kind of flash at the
beginning when um my Twitter feed was
just filled with these kind of insane
10-second videos that people were
making, I think just to showcase or show
off the technology that OpenAI had made.
But, I I did I don't get the sense it
has a lot of cultural currency now. And
I'm I'm curious just sort of when you
think about the way in which OpenAI is
going to use this, do you have a sort of
satisfactory answer from the company, a
sense of sort of how much this is going
to be
uh you know, used for PR or or marketing
ploys, you say, or just used more
generally?
Well, I don't know. It's all very much
TBD. I I would say that um I had a
number of investors ping me yesterday
and say that they believe that OpenAI is
sort of deemphasizing Sora. And I would
agree with you, it doesn't have a huge
amount of cultural currency. I think
we're still in the early days of sort of
consumer adoption and embracing of all
of these tools. So, TBD. But, I can't I
don't think it's going to be a bad
thing. And um
you know, we we've had a number of other
companies in our coverage universe that
have licensed their IP and received
checks that are, you know, on the
magnitude of $50 million a year. Um
that's a that's a mix of sort of a fixed
payment and a usage-based payment.
Jason, if I were an actor in Hollywood,
would I be excited about this deal or
worried about this deal?
Well, uh I would say that you are
I guess excited at one level in that
they you know, that there's nothing in
here that sort of allows
OpenAI to use the likeness of of actors
or actresses. Um but, at another level,
it doesn't answer the threshold question
because this is an easier deal for
Disney to do because it has so many
animated characters, the 200 or so that
you referred to.
Um and so, I think there's still an
outstanding question of how these AI
tools are going to be used for the bulk
of the IP that exists in Hollywood.
Jason Bazinet of uh Citi Group, thank
you so much for this. And honestly, I
asked that because this has been deeply
existential for so many uh different uh
content creators. How much is Netflix
going I excuse me, Netflix is going to
possibly do it, but how much is OpenAI
going to cannibalize from the creative
process?
>> Just relief personally you're not
thinking about moving to LA to be an
actress. It's okay. [laughter]
I think I have enough on my plate. I am
curious though, uh from your
perspective, Peter, how much you're
seeing some of these deals and tie-ups
as a good thing, people trying to get
ahead of any kind of innovation, and how
much do you expect more of this in 2026?
You know, as the guest pointed out,
Bazinet said, it's kind of weird that
there's this investment tied to it. Why
is there always seems to be we're going
to use it, but there's also an
investment in part of it. It seems
slightly awkward to me. Well, maybe it's
something trying to get ahead of what
could potentially whipsaw their shares
and they want to be a part of it. Right
now, let's get you an update on stories
elsewhere this morning. Here is your
Bloomberg Brief with Vanya Quinn. Vanya.
Lisa, thank you. Ukrainian President
Volodymyr Zelenskyy floating the idea of
allowing Ukrainians to vote on whether
to hand the Donbas region to Russia.
He says the Ukrainian people must have a
say on the matter, whether in the form
of an election or a referendum.
Ukrainian territory is at the center of
ongoing discussions as negotiators inch
toward [music] a potential agreement to
end the war.
Terraform Labs co-founder Do Kwon has
been sentenced to 15 years in prison for
fraud tied to the $40 billion collapse
of the TerraUSD stablecoin [music] back
in 2022.
A New York judge handed down the verdict
saying the fraud was, quote, on an epic
generational scale and [music] caused
significant monetary harm. The
34-year-old still faces fraud charges in
his native South Korea.
Apple losing an appeals court ruling in
its long-running App Store fight with
Epic Games. The court upholding a
finding that Apple violated California
law with anti-competitive conduct.
>> [music]
>> The tech giant did win a chance to argue
for charging developers on transactions
made outside of the App Store. [music]
And that is your Bloomberg Brief, Lisa.
Thank you so much, Vanya. Up next, AI
stretching corporate credit.
The concern around the debt loads of
these companies is quite rational. The
fear bubble, as reflected by the credit
default swap market, may pop. Concern
versus fear bubble. Ken Monahan
Federated Hermes joins us next. This is
Bloomberg Surveillance. [music]
>> [music]
[music]
>> Taking some of the frog out of
yesterday's rally, we did see all-time
highs at yesterday's close. Today, we're
pulling back just a touch, led by the
tech sector once again as people do
raise questions about just how high
valuations are. Down 2/10 of a percent
now on S&P futures, [music] climbing
lower as the session grows older. That
dollar weakness turns a little bit
dollar strength, although still at 117
on the euro dollar cross. The 10-year
yields higher by about [music] a basis
point at 4.17%
rounded up, continuing to climb even
though you see the front end continue to
rally. Those silver prices up 1.3%.
Silver on an absolute tear to a new
record high. Under surveillance this
morning, AI stretching corporate credit.
The concern around the debt loads of
these companies is quite rational. If
you think back to 1990s, the concern was
just, you know, just a random throwing
money at everything everywhere without
revenues. We think it might actually be
more of the sense that the fear bubble,
as reflected by the credit default swap
market, may pop. Here's the latest
credit concerns resurfacing after a
measure of Oracle's credit risk spiked
[music] to a 16-year high. Karen Mana at
Federated Hermes writing, more supply
next year will restore value as winners
and losers emerge. Spreads may appear
wider, but an increased sensitivity to
valuation will be a positive for active
investors. Karen joins us now. Karen,
that is a beautiful way of saying that
we could sell off. I mean, essentially,
you're talking about the opportunities
that could get created with things that
go down in price and have yields go up.
I mean, what kind of sell-off are you
looking for?
Good morning and thank you for having me
on, Lisa. I think not described so much
as a sell-off, but truly an opportunity.
Spreads, which is how we measure the
risk of corporate bond issuance relative
to that risk-free rate or US Treasury,
have been historically tight, providing
few opportunities for the active manager
to apply our use of credit analysis and
to discern value. We at Federated Hermes
continue to be extraordinarily sensitive
to that value. So, as the broader
investor community seems to look more
closely at these issuances and to
question, is it too much, too fast? We
think that they will take that more look
to all names that are issuing, even
outside the AI AI industry, and just
will have more opportunity as spreads
are more dispersed. So, not so much a
sell-off as just a broader dispersion in
the spreads that folks are looking for
when they enter the corporate bond
market.
>> Karen, in anticipation of that, are you
holding more liquid assets to try to be
able to capitalize on those
opportunities?
We are. Liquidity is a very key theme
for me, particularly in this market. As
we enter the close of the year, Lisa, we
are pretty defensively positioned as we
have been. We are underweight still on
corporate credit, and that is investment
grade and non-investment grade. We are
underweight to EM as that market has
really, really come in quite nicely, and
we've met our thesis there. Overall, we
are constructive on all of these
markets, including mortgage-backed
securities, where we sit at a neutral
position relative to the relevant
benchmark. So, that puts us in a
position where as we close out the year
and we enter into next year, that we can
take advantage of the opportunities that
the market might present.
That'd be awesome. It's would be nice to
be able to talk about credit as
something exciting again. It's been such
a boring couple of years. How do you see
the interplay between public credit and
private credit? Is it helpful, harmful,
competitive? How do you see that playing
out next year?
I really think it's all of those things,
and that's a wonderful way to frame that
question. So, with the private markets
taking on the headlines, they've been in
the headlines and we've heard it
described as perhaps there's some
cockroaches or a little bit more work to
do in the market, but it has made it
highly competitive. For those in the
non-investment grade market, or
colloquially referred to often as high
yield, that has led to fewer deals in
the public high yield market. So, when
you see less issuance and greater
demand, that causes tighter spreads. So,
now with folks really questioning
private credit, what is going on? And
the true difference between that private
market is in the name. You don't know
what is going on deal to deal because
you don't have that public market to
price. You simply don't have the
mechanism [clears throat]
so that you're marking to market every
day. So, there's recently been shocking
on the headlines because names and
issuers in that space
are talked about only in the past tense
after they've been marked to zero. Well,
they tend to run end up in that realm.
It's either priced at full or 100 or not
going to pay you back at zero. So, we
think that there's going to be greater
discernment there, and that folks will
look to the public markets as a way to
invest in a more liquid part of that
credit portion of the market.
That makes a lot of sense. And the one
thing, you know, we're hearing so much
about the AI, the data center, the
credit needs there. Where else do you
see credit needs? Is there going to be a
lot of issuance for electricity
generation or other sectors, or is it
still going to be very concentrated?
Precisely. It's going to seem initially
that it is those AI hyperscalers that
are issuing. But when you build out a
campus, and these are exceptionally
large data centers, you do need the
utility support, you need all of the
industrial mechanisms that come into
play. So, we think that we will see
issuance across the realm, most
definitely. And that takes us to the
notion of affordability, which is one
that the administration and the
politicians have really started to
emphasize as we enter this back half of
the year, which leads us into an
all-important midterm election cycle.
So, we think that affordability for the
consumer, as we look at electricity,
will be a paramount feature as we go
forward. M&A is also picking up, which
is a critical part for private equity
and all equity markets, but we will see
that lead to more issuance in the new
year. That issuance tends to be a little
bit different. As we digest that in the
corporate bond market, it tends to be
larger in size, but often gives us a
full yield curve effect, where they'll
issue all the way from twos, fives, 10s,
and out the curve in order to structure
the deal appropriately. Karen, can I
bring us back to the Fed meeting of
[clears throat] earlier this week and
and get your thoughts on the Fed's
balance sheet? We see that roll-off
continue. You mentioned mortgage-backed
securities just a few moments ago. We
had this announcement from the Fed chair
about this
um
QE, I think we put in quotation fingers
earlier in in the week, and I think Jeff
Rosenberg referred to it as QE
confusion. How are you thinking about
the the role that the Fed is playing in
the debt markets right now as we see
them barking on this kind of new tack as
all the while it's still trying to get
rid of a lot of what it bought here in
the last few years?
Yes, I think the broad theme there is
that once you start to use your balance
sheet to support or enhance the market,
it's very, very difficult to get it
precisely correct as you attempt to wind
it down, and you likely are going to be
in that game for an extended amount of
time. So, they had told us that they
were stopping the balance sheet run-off,
and it was a little bit earlier than
anticipated, but we have seen signs of
minor strain in the funding markets. So,
it's welcome that they are coming in to
support particularly the most liquid
instruments that support the very
important money market [clears throat]
industry, and they seem to be doing so
in the right way and at the right size
right now. So, very, very important part
of the Fed's work, and something that we
were really looking to glean more
information from the Fed's statement and
from the press conference after. Karen
Mana of Federated Hermes, thank you so
much for your time. Have a wonderful
weekend. Peter, would you also see next
year as a year of spread widening and
potential opportunity or potential risk?
Yeah, I think it's going to be a really
good opportunity for the credit markets.
The little bit of spread widening we've
had so far might continue, and you're
starting to see value right now. You can
look at an Oracle and sell CDS and
actually get paid if you think this is
going to return. I I think that's good,
it's healthy.
Um I think it's going to be a big year
of issuance, and I do think we're going
to see this development of what we've
been calling production for security and
pro-sec. I had to mention at least one.
>> you did. Great. JP Morgan's investing
heavily in this. They they're hiring to
grow that. I think that's going to
continue. I think that's going to lead
to a lot. And this electricity bottle
neck is going to become a big story, and
the need to make our own commodities,
process and refine them. I think that's
going to be a huge amount of growth, and
it's going to be a really interesting
year for the debt markets. Just 10
seconds. Yes or no, are you selling
protection on Oracle bonds? I would be,
yes.
>> [music]
>> All right, that's fascinating. The whole
idea of a fear bubble in Oracle CDS.
Peter Shear of Academy Securities, thank
you so much for being with us this
morning. Coming up next, Priya Misra of
JP Morgan Asset Management, Jeanette
Lowe of Strategas, Liz Ann Saunders of
Charles Schwab, and Yelena Shulyatyeva
of The Conference Board. You're watching
Bloomberg Surveillance on this Friday
morning. Good morning.
>> [music]
>> The Fed is not going to solve the labor
market.
>> This concern that the Fed has about the
weakness in the labor market, I think
it's [music] a bit overdone.
>> The Fed is well aware of the fact that
inflation remains a very sizable
problem.
>> There's certainly a risk here that you
could see inflation that's a bit more
sticky. economic surprises keeps us in
this scenario. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance with Jonathan [music]
Ferro, Lisa Abramowicz, and Ann Marie
Hordern.
Good morning. Welcome back to Bloomberg
Surveillance with stocks poised [music]
for their third straight week of gains,
climbing to all-time highs yesterday as
the close as hopes for a Santa rally
take hold. Investors looking beyond just
big tech as they see Fed rate cuts
helping to [music] fuel broader economic
strength. Now, the proof is in the
pudding. A question from the economic
data that we get over the next [music]
week. Of course, we get jobless jobs
data on Tuesday. We get retail sales,
and then on Wednesday, we get CPI data.
It is delayed, but David Gorra, it is
important given [music] some of the
expectations baked into market values.
>> Yeah, I think there's still a lot of
concern about potential cracks in the
labor market. We heard those remarks
from the Fed chair earlier this week
about the potential [music] for there
being undercounting in the jobs numbers,
overcounting rather in the jobs numbers.
And I think just these numbers are ones
that policy makers, economists, all of
us have been waiting for in this strange
moment of ambiguity because of the
government shutdown. [music] And the
idea that any kind of Fed rate cutting
cycle could support this broadening out
is predicated on the idea that a rate
cutting cycle comes with greater
productivity and ongoing strength in the
economy. This is a contradiction should
there be either not enough strength in
the economy based on some of these
numbers or potentially some sort of
inflationary push that we might see in
the CPI.
>> We did have a Fed chair who seemed
increasingly confident in productivity
though. He talked a lot about that
during that press conference and
>> [music]
>> so we have that the the Fed story and
then of course the AI story percolating
as well with Oracle and Broadcom. Again,
the growing investor dissatisfaction
with the fact that these companies can't
really give a definite timetable on when
we're going to see the investment
[music] kind of what's buffeting AI
manifesting itself in something tangible
when it comes to actual AI. My takeaway
from this week is that people feel
really good that tech is selling off
because it means that potentially this
is not a bubble or quite as
bubble-icious as it might be and that
people are using some discretion. That
seems to be my takeaway
>> [music]
>> from this past week. Glad that you used
the term bubble-icious but yeah, I think
you're right. We're seeing the market
functioning perhaps as it should or
close to it. Right now we're seeing
markets just dipping after yesterday's
all-time highs led by that tech sector
with that froth coming out of the system
perhaps down to 10% on S&P futures
climbing lower throughout the morning. A
bit of dollar strength resurgence
although really it has been a story of
dollar weakness throughout the week. 117
on the euro dollar cross. 10-year yields
inflecting higher more than a basis
point now [music] to 4.17%.
Crude just a little bit lower but a real
question here about whether that yield
curve steepening is going to be a good
thing or [music] a problem for this
market. Coming up this hour Priya Misra
of JP Morgan looking ahead to 2026.
Jennet Lowe of Strategas on escalating
tensions in Venezuela and Yelena
Shulyatyeva of at The Conference Board
on the health of the US consumer. We
begin this hour with stocks just really
taking out some of the heat after the
S&P notched a new closing high. Priya
Misra of JP Morgan writing, "Risk assets
are priced for perfection. 2026 will be
a show me for the corporate sector in
terms of AI-led productivity." Priya
joins us now. I love having you on the
show. Thank you so much for being here.
So Priya, is this kind of a moment that
you're happy to see the sell-off, the
skepticism in markets surrounding big
tech? So I heard you and I said, "Okay,
that's interesting." I don't know if I
would celebrate the the tech sell-off
but I think it is it is a time when you
know, what was this year or maybe a year
and a half was about AI capex. And we've
seen the investments, we've seen and
we've seen the valuations in these
companies. It needs to broaden out. We
have to find these use cases. Is that
the next 6 months, 12 months, 18 months?
That's a harder question but I think
over the next year or two, we're going
to see the rest of the the rest of the
corporate sector say, "Here's how we're
using AI." I mean, we're all investing
in AI. JP Morgan's investing a lot in
AI.
How are we seeing that productivity?
What does that mean for the labor
market? I think these are all big
questions. I think when we talk about
the K-shaped corporate sector, the
largest companies are the ones investing
the most. I think we are going to now
look at okay, how is it helping your
margins? Is that how you keep margins
high despite the fact that we have
tariffs for example. So I think we'll be
looking a lot more at the broadening out
of AI usage. I still think the growth
has been fairly lopsided this year. It's
been AI-led so it's not just important
for the equity market. I think it's also
important for the economy if you see
that productivity broaden out to just
this is all about the AI capex.
>> You could say you say we're all invested
in AI including Fed chair Jay Powell
we'll get to that. The idea of the
increase in productivity that he really
indicated yesterday or I should say on
Wednesday. From a corporate credit
perspective though, are you seeing the
same type of skepticism that you're
seeing in equities markets when it comes
to investors willing to lend to some of
the AI giants for this build-out? So I
think you know, you look at
fundamentals. I think the fundamentals
are still very solid. The companies the
AI the AI-related debt issuance has
happened in mostly from companies that
have the cash flow. That actually if you
look at leverage in those companies,
it's not high. They can
very likely pay you back. But then you
look at valuations and you look at how
much more supply is coming next year and
you take a step back and say okay, maybe
I don't need to buy it at these tight
levels. So we're not seeing the credit
market en masse saying that well, you
call the debt people to the party and
we're going to end the party. It's just
to say well, am I getting paid enough
for that you know, for taking that
credit risk. So I think there's some
hesitation in in that AI-related debt
but it's just a question of valuation.
You widen out spreads in the new market
concession market, we'll be in buying.
So I I don't think there's some big
fear. There's just a question of you got
to pay me a little bit more in terms of
compensation.
>> How are you feeling about this moment?
So we're talking about Broadcom, talking
about Oracle, seeing those results. Fed
chairman talking about AI more than than
he has in in meetings past. Um,
where are we in this story? What has
this week told us about the the AI story
as a whole? I think it's you know, they
talk about the person of the year or
some the word of the year or the acronym
of the year is AI. I mean I and I think
we're in that transition period where
the companies have invested some much
more than others and now we're waiting
to see that use case. I think for the
economy as well, there are structural
positives of the economy and I think
that should not be that's not all AI. AI
is a big part of that structural
positive. The other big positive is
company balance sheets. The average
company balance sheet looks strong. The
average household balance sheet looks
very strong. There's that K-shaped in in
both corporate [clears throat] sector
and household sector. But I think the
fact that the Fed chair is talking about
it and not just productivity, what does
it mean for the labor market? I think
this is where you know, should the Fed
have cut this week? Absolutely. You look
at the labor data, we've never seen this
rise in the unemployment rate this much
without a recession without resulting in
a recession. They have to be concerned
about that and so you can be really
positive on AI and still be concerned
about the labor market. Why aren't new
college graduates getting as many jobs
as they were before? So I think we have
to we're in a period of transition and
we have to figure out all of the impacts
and sort of you know, it's it's a it's a
system that has to make sense overall. I
think we're in that figuring out
process. I think the easy part though,
not that this year felt easy at all but
the easy part may be done. The Fed's
done their normalization, their risk
management approach and now it's a bit
of a show me for the labor market as
well. Do companies that feel good and
see the productivity, do they hire? I
think that's the big question.
>> Is it a catalytic moment to look more
broadly or invest more broadly? So
again, the the narrative has been so
much has been confined to these seven
stocks. So much has been confined to
these hyperscalers this particular
sector. Is this the moment in which
people begin to look more seriously at
some of the other sectors and companies
that you've been alluding to here and
Lisa pointing out in the last hour. What
we've seen in small caps, what we've
seen in the Russell 2000 over the last
week. Any indication to you that that's
finally happening that this catalytic
event has happened and people are are
investing more broadly?
I think the investment is there. I mean,
we're seeing it across the board not
just in the AI and and particularly the
large cap companies are investing.
Whether they're seeing the returns, I
think that's where we do want to see
that for us to have a lot of faith in
the broadening out. But I will highlight
given valuations, it makes sense for
people to say look, AI might be
absolutely transformational for the way
business is done a few years from now.
It can absolutely increase productivity
but who are the winners? I think given
valuations, you might want to diversify
who you think might end up winning. And
the GPU CPU fight is ongoing.
I don't think anybody knows who the
winners are going to be. So I think
being diversified, I'm a fixed income
person so I'm going to talk about fixed
income. Fixed income playing a role in
portfolios with equity valuations where
they are. Look at what bonds have done.
They don't sound very exciting but the
ag is up 7% this year. Anytime there'll
be this
you know, wobble. Oh, we didn't see
enough of that AI earnings and there's
an equity market correction, you'll see
bonds work. It's happened this year. I
think it's going to continue to happen.
So I would say thinking about the
portfolio, your portfolio as a whole and
looking at earnings, looking at all the
fundamentals but making sure you're
diversified, you have income somewhere.
I think that's the role that bonds play
as well. So I'm going to put a plug
there for bonds. Well, I mean this is a
plug that a lot of people are making
especially if they think that maybe
people are overstating the economic
growth. And if the Fed is cutting for
the wrong reason not necessarily the
right reason. Is that kind of where you
sit that you think that the Fed is going
to have to cut a lot more and you kind
of reject the yield curve steepening in
a way and think people are
overestimating how much growth can
really continue?
So you know, you can have growth but you
need not have the job growth. Remember
the jobless recovery in the early 2000s?
I sort of wonder about that. If you're
going to get this big productivity boom
if everybody every other company is
deciding to invest in AI,
do they cut back on hiring because of
all the razor focus sharp everyone's
looking at at margins? If I don't want
my margins to compress, maybe I'm going
to keep hiring low. I am concerned about
the labor market. I mean, we're looking
at bottom-up, top-down analysis and the
one thing that doesn't make sense is why
is the labor market this week and it
could be the productivity boom that
everyone's expecting and so I don't need
to hire. And so you know, to your
question about the Fed, you know, I
think they still have a couple of cuts.
Exactly. I know Jay Powell said we're in
the realm of neutral. There are only
four Fed officials who think that
neutral is above 3 and 1/2 which is
where we are now. So I do think they're
going to cut. There's I see we see two
states of the world. One where they cut
gradually, you know, maybe one this
year, one next year, two this you know,
next year
to try and get to that neutral if
inflation starts getting closer to that
2% and then there's the scenario where
now the labor market continues to weaken
and you can still have okay growth and
an unemployment rate at 5%. That's
concerning. That's that non-linear
weakening in the labor market typically
precedes a recession. Then I think you
see this Fed irrespective of the Fed
chair, I think they're all unified on
this point. If the labor market is
clearly weak, the Fed's cutting a lot
more than what's priced in or what's in
the dot plot.
>> Which is the reason why on Tuesday it's
going to be really interesting. The
unemployment rate, does it rise to 4.5%
4.6%? Because then January very much in
play. Priya Misra of JP Morgan is going
to be with us for the rest of the hour,
I'm so pleased to say. Right now, let's
get you an update on stories elsewhere.
Here is your Bloomberg Brief [music]
with Bonnie Quinn. Bonnie.
>> Lisa, thank you. Shares of Broadcom
trading lower in the pre-market after
the chipmaker's sales outlook for the AI
market fails [music] to meet investors'
lofty expectations. The company CEO says
it has a backlog of $73 billion in AI
product orders that will be shipped over
the next six quarters, which he
described [music] as a minimum.
Sources are telling us here at Bloomberg
that SoftBank is studying potential
acquisitions, including data center
operator Switch. SoftBank has held
discussions with Switch and its
leadership of sought evaluation of
around $50 billion, including debt, some
people said. [music]
An acquisition of Switch would help
SoftBank's Masayoshi Son control a key
bottleneck to AI developments.
Rivian is unveiling its own AI chip
designed to replace Nvidia's. The
automaker announcing it will equip its
upcoming R2 sport utility vehicles with
Rivian [music] chips and a new lidar
sensor.
The company CEO telling Bloomberg the
move is part of a broader push to
enhance automated driving features.
>> [music]
>> And that is your Bloomberg Brief, Lisa.
Thank you so much, Bonnie. Up next,
pressure building on Venezuela.
They've treated us badly and I guess now
we're not treating them so good. If you
look at the drug traffic drug traffic by
sea is down 92% and we'll stop that on
land, too. It's going to be stopped on
the land pretty soon. Jan Hatzius of
Strategas joins us as we question, is
this about drugs? Is this about
geopolitics? Is this about oil? A lot of
questions swirling around this move.
Right now, stocks lower ahead of the
open. This is Bloomberg Surveillance.
>> [music]
>> It has been so much of the rotation
trade and it just builds on that this
morning. Yes, you're seeing the S&P
lower. Yes, you're seeing futures on the
Nasdaq down by 6/10 of a percent. On the
Russell 2000, continuing to see gains up
2/10 of a percent in futures ahead of
the open as you do see that shift in the
expectation for Fed rate cuts. Two 10s
and 30s, you can see that bid into the
front end of the yield curve. [music]
Really will really key off of what we
see on Tuesday from the November jobs
report. Do we see the weakness
potentially giving some [music] credence
to a January rate cut? 3.54% essentially
flat. A sell-off at the longer end and a
question around, does this indicate
strength or does this indicate global
selling off? Does this indicate an
opportunity? Either way, 30-year yields
back at 3 4.83%. [music]
And 10-year yields climbing back toward
that 420 mark, 417. Under surveillance
this morning, [music] pressure building
on Venezuela.
They've treated us badly and I guess now
we're not treating them so good. If you
look at the drug traffic drug traffic by
sea is down 92%.
And nobody can figure out who the 8% is
because I have no idea. Anybody getting
involved in that right now is not doing
well. And we'll stop that on land, too.
It's going to be stopped on the land
pretty soon.
>> [music]
>> Here's the latest. The US upping
pressure on Venezuela as well as Nicolas
Maduro. President Trump threatening land
strikes on the country following the
seizure of an oil supertanker off its
coast. Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall joins
us now. Tyler, can you give us the
latest and just uh give us a sense of
how much the tension has ratcheted up
over the past couple of weeks?
Yeah, hey Lisa, good morning. Well, it's
fractured up in a really significant way
and in fact, we have new reporting out
today from Bloomberg News that people
familiar saying that this week marks an
entire new phase of the United States
strategy against Venezuela as the
Treasury Department moves to sanction an
additional six oil companies and close
uh associates of Nicolas Maduro. People
familiar are saying that this is all
designed to deny Maduro oil revenue in a
bid to get him to relinquish power. Now,
of course, we have to keep in mind the
context here. About 80% of Venezuela's
export revenues come from oil. New data
is showing us that the country has
exported about 750,000 barrels on
average per day when it comes to oil.
So, this is a really significant way
that the US is now shifting its strategy
to keep pressure on Maduro. Now, of
course, we saw earlier this week the
seizure of this massive oil tanker. That
was the first time that the US had
seized a foreign oil tanker since 2014.
But as you mentioned, this could
continue to escalate. Our analysts at
Bloomberg Economics say that on the high
end of the escalation scale would of
course be some sort of land strike. The
understanding is if the US were to do
that, it would very likely target cartel
infrastructure in the country because
this administration has repeatedly
justified its actions by saying that
this is all about going after those
alleged drug traffickers and getting
illicit narcotics into the US trying to
stem that flow. Lisa, there's a lot of
different threads that we could pull on
here, but I will point out one important
one that we should keep our eyes on,
which is that in recent days we have
seen Nicolas Maduro reach out to other
world leaders. Just yesterday, he held a
phone call with Russian President
Vladimir Putin.
Tyler, I have a quick question around
the ACA subsidies. So, both bills failed
yesterday and they're running out of
time. I mean, December 15th is that
deadline. Do you think anything can
happen last minute this weekend? And if
not, is it like a January by the end of
Jan? You do think that they'll come to
some sort of compromise?
Well, we did hear from Senate Majority
Leader John Thune yesterday after those
votes had failed saying that Republicans
are willing to negotiate on something,
but at this point we only have one week
left in the legislative session, which
really means that we are careening
towards the end of the year and likely
will see those Affordable Care Act
premium tax subsidies expire and
millions of Americans will ultimately
see their their payments go up. But it
is important to look at the actual plan
that did fail from Republicans cuz that
very likely could give us some clues as
to where this is headed. It appears that
they're going to coalesce around some
sort of plan to create these health
savings accounts with the idea that
Americans would be encouraged to switch
plans that have lower premiums but
higher deductibles. The idea being that
they'll have more money in their HSAs to
pay for higher out-of-pocket costs. This
is much more in line with what the White
House would like to see when it comes to
this debate. To your question on what
the next deadline is, of course, we know
that the government shutdown there is a
potential for another government
shutdown at the end of January, January
30th. So, that is the next date that we
have our eyes on for some sort of
compromise potentially to be attached.
>> Tyler Kendall of Bloomberg, thank you so
much. It's been up to it feels like
playing whack-a-mole in Washington, DC,
which raises questions about what
motivations, how are they connected. Jan
Hatzius joining us now for more and I
want to see if there is some sort of way
of connecting the domestic and the
international. This question of what the
motivation is. How much are some of the
incursions over in Venezuela due to
domestic concerns about drug use, about
trying to create alliances to lower
prices, and how much has to do with the
geopolitics of Russia and China?
Well, Lisa, thank you for having me on.
I think there are a lot of pieces here.
The Trump administration obviously is
focused on several things and one of
those is obviously focusing on America,
focusing on the people of America, and
the drug issue has been one of those
main concerns. So, I think that what
we're kind of looking at in terms of the
all the pieces coming together right now
is you have kind of the tariff risk and
things of that nature that was in a big
part of 2025 ending. It seems like Trump
is now kind of trying to clear out the
brush a little bit with regards to
Ukraine, with regards to Venezuela, so
that way as we move into 2026, this is
much more about fiscal stimulus,
monetary policy
easing, you have deregulation coming,
and at the same time you have potential
more investment opportunities if there's
an end to the Ukraine war. I do think
that it's interesting that we've always
had this kind of Venezuela-Ukraine piece
coming at the same time. We had this
when in Trump was really pushing for the
Ukraine deal ahead of Thanksgiving. You
had seen a lot of
increased pressure on Venezuela at that
time. We're seeing a very similar
dynamic this time. And definitely one of
the things is this could be a little bit
of an interplay between Russia and
Venezuela with regards to Ukraine. Also,
definitely there is a big piece for
Trump about clearing out some of the
negative influences within the Western
Hemisphere. of saw that as a big focus
of the national security strategy that
was released last week where he really
wants to focus on the Western Hemisphere
and kind of making it more secure and
more secure for US interests. So, going
after drugs, going after malign
influences that are within the
hemisphere, and then kind of trying to
shore up economic opportunities as well.
Think that's a big part of this focus.
Jan, count me among the confused and I
I'm going to posit that a lot of
Americans might be as they watch all
this unfold in in Venezuela and maybe
look at that national security strategy
you mentioned just a moment ago.
Uh look, a lot of these drugs weren't
the kind of drugs the president's been
talking about. They might not even been
destined for for the United States. Um
we've talked in recent weeks about the
president's lack of messaging on
affordability. He's dismissed that.
There's kind of an impetus here for him
to do more to kind of make the case for
his economic policies. We've been
talking over the course of the week
about, you know, the fiscal benefits
that can come into effect here in the
new year. When it comes to foreign
policy, how much is lacking in terms of
this administration explaining to the
American people why it's doing what it's
doing? That could be in Ukraine, in
Europe more broadly, could be in in
Venezuela.
Help me understand that in the crucible
of this national security strategy. Is
there is there a coherent sense of what
that strategy is? Right now, it does
seem kind of scattershot.
I think that's something that many
administrations actually have some
difficulty kind of tying the pieces of
foreign policy to domestic politics and
giving very clear messages to the
American people about what they are
trying to do. And that is why you
sometimes see a lot of frustration among
individuals thinking about what is the
administration doing and are they more
focused on US interests or global
interests? But obviously Trump has been
focused on the border. He's been focused
on the drug trade. That's why you saw
the fentanyl tariffs. Um and so I think
that now he's also focused on, you know,
we're watching him kind of trying to get
rid of Chinese and Russian influence
within the Western Hemisphere. Now,
that's not obviously going to be easy to
explain to the American people, but if
you can get rid of some of the cartel
activities that actually can boost
economic security within those
countries, that means there's actually
less of a migration problem. Um if
there's less of a drug problem, that's
also obviously beneficial and that's
something that he's been very focused on
um within the uh his term here. So I
think there's just a lot of pieces that
don't you make it difficult. He's also
trying to end obviously these wars that
try to focus on um rebuilding. Obviously
Ukraine, there's a there's been a
geopolitical risk premium and oil
prices. That's obviously been another
concern of his, but it's also now about
creating new investment opportunities
for US businesses um in Russia and in
Ukraine. So I think that is also some of
it. But there's obviously going to be
this disconnect that it's always a
little bit more difficult for the
administration to explain to voters what
is actually going on with some of their
foreign policy moves.
Jen I truly quickly uh on affordability,
do you expect tariff dividends or expect
some sort of stimulus checks from the
tariff revenues as we head into the
midterms?
So what we're really focused on going
into early 2026 is you had from the one
big beautiful bill, you had a
significant amount of fiscal policy
coming out, which is it's going to come
out in the term form of tax refunds. So
this is kind of the salt deduction that
got increased. It's a higher child tax
credit. It's the new tax on tips, no tax
on overtime. So there's actually a
hundred and fifty billion dollars of
fiscal stimulus that's going to come out
in tax refund season. So February
through April. We think the
administration is quite focused on the
fact that that is quite sizable. You
also have a lot of business tax credits
that are going to come out in next year.
Obviously some of companies already
taken advantage of that in the current
um in the last fiscal year, but that
will probably accelerate into the next
fiscal year. Um so there's already a lot
of stimulus coming. So at the moment we
don't really see the need for there to
be these tariff refunds. Obviously that
can change. Um the affordability issue
is kind of an issue there. Um but I
think that that's something that we
don't see on the horizon yet, but you
have all these other tax refunds coming
instead. Jenna Lowe of Strategas, thank
you. So maybe rebates in another name.
Coming up, Liz Ann Sonders of Charles
Schwab on macro instability. Plus Yohai
Elan and with your morning movers,
stocks of cannabis producers moving
higher as President Donald Trump pushes
for reclassification. I feel like this
is a very drug heavy uh morning. From
New York, this is Bloomberg
Surveillance.
>> [music]
>> The focus right now very much is on the
rotation trade and you could see that
this morning in futures [music] trading.
You could see the S&P lower. You could
see the NASDAQ underperforming. That big
tech pushback continuing, although less
than earlier this morning, down a half
[music] a percent. And then the Russell
2000 futures up two tenths of a percent
on this expectation of a broadening
[music] out. The why could be found in
twos, tens, and thirties. There has been
this bid into the front end of the yield
curve. Yes, the Fed cut rates of four
the [music] third consecutive time, 175
basis points since last September. But
there also is a focus going forward. But
they're opening the door to further rate
cuts should [music] the jobs number on
Tuesday come in poorly enough. You can
see though on the long end, a bit of a
sell-off, a steepening uh throughout the
curve, 4.83% on the 30-year after the
auction that we saw yesterday. And if
you want to be worried about the
debasement of the dollar, if you want to
be worried about the buildout of the
infrastructure, if you want to be
worried about the commodity space, take
a look at silver. The hoarding
continues, which you could see is a
parabolic move throughout the year. The
increase is more than double. 122% gains
on the precious metal to a new all-time
high. Two hours away from the cash open.
Here are your morning movers [music]
with Yohai Elan and Yohai. Hi Lisa. A
leadership shakeup over at Lululemon
sending shares surging more than nearly
9% in the premarket. [music] The company
saying that CEO Calvin McDonald will
step down at the end of January after
more than a year of underperformance.
And we're getting fresh comments from
founder Chip Wilson, who is also the
company one of the company's largest
shareholders. He slammed the board for
letting value slip under McDonald and
saying that only under his pressure did
[music] the board act. So now he is
asking for he is calling for fresh
independent directors to lead the search
[music] for the next CEO. Meanwhile, we
are seeing cannabis stocks surging in
the premarket. Take a look at Tilray.
Those shares [music] are up 28% on our
reporting that President Trump is
preparing to reclassify marijuana as a
less dangerous [music] drug, potentially
changing it from the highest risk tier
to a lower one. It's a shift that could
make it [music] easier to buy and sell
cannabis. It could ease the tax burden
for these companies and unlock banking
services, which is one of the sectors'
[music]
biggest roadblocks. And we end over in
Switzerland with UBS shares. We're
seeing those up [music] 1.7%
after influential Swiss lawmakers
proposed watering down stricter capital
rules in a move that could spare [music]
UBS from 26 billion dollars in capital
demands that the government has been
pushing. Lisa. Thank you so much, Yohai.
On our radar this morning, senior
European officials gearing up to meet in
Paris on Saturday to discuss ending the
Russia-Ukraine war. The Trump
administration saying it's quote still
up in the air on whether the US would
attend. Meanwhile, Broadcom shares
sliding in the premarket after its sales
outlook failed to meet expectations.
Those shares lower by four 5.9%.
This despite beating earnings estimates
in its fourth quarter. Investor concerns
rising on how and when the company will
get an AI payoff. And I do wonder,
David, I mean, is this just because the
shares have risen so much? Is this
because expectations are so high? Is
this because ultimately people are
looking for an excuse to sell? I think
it might be the latter, but I go back to
what we were talking about with Peter
Tchir last hour, which is kind of the
the recalibration of expectations for
these companies. So I think they have
been set very high, and I should say
many of these companies have met those
expectations quarter after quarter after
quarter. So I think it's a moment when
there is just kind of a reconsideration
taking place of sort of what is
happening here, where it's going, and
what's going to kind of be the result of
it in the end.
>> Yeah, and how much is really predicated
on the idea of credit markets remaining
open? And this sort of is a real
question when it comes to Fed rate cuts.
How much is that going to continue to
fuel some of this push into funding the
AI hopes and dreams? And how much is
this really going to be the cautionary
tale as there is more discretion that
plays out in the credit markets in 2026?
So I think the Fed's done the easy part.
They've they've removed a large part of
restriction. I'm actually watching the
RMP, which is not QE, the reserve
management purchases. I think that is
not QE at all. They're not buying the
long end. But what the Fed is doing is
they're keeping the plumbing going. You
know, they're letting SOFR. There were
there was stress in that funding market.
They I think came in earlier than most
people expected to say, "Look, year end,
tax day." These are dates when that
plumbing can have an issue and that has
an very quick impact credit market. I
think the Fed's saying, "Look, we're
removing tail risk here." So that is
positive for credit. But again, we're
going to see how much
you know, supply comes in, do earnings
hold up, does leverage pick up? So far
we're not that concerned about leverage
picking up that much, but that could
change next year. I love how Jay Powell
says, "Look, this is plumbing. This is
boring. Don't pay attention." And
everyone says, "It's QE. Let's party."
Meanwhile, the White House urging
consumers to buy American-made.
We want products made right here in
America. Maybe you'll pay a dollar or
two more, but you will get better
quality and you'll be supporting your
fellow Americans by buying American. The
comments coming after President Trump
once again questioned the number of
dollars shoppers should buy. A new AP
poll says roughly half of Americans
believe it's harder than usual to afford
holiday gifts this year, which
ultimately, David, is going to be the
question about retail sales that we get
next week. How much is really inflated
by prices, not necessarily ticket sales.
>> Yeah, and part of this broader question
just about the health of the consumer.
And we've had conversations about sort
of what's been manifest in the retail
sales figures we've got, the the
earnings results that we've gotten from
from retailers. We see the continued
resilience of a lot of consumers, but we
still see this functional K-shaped
economy where there are those who are
unable to play or purchase buy homes, um
buy gifts to the extent they might have
in years past. This dolls thing I think
is something that's continuing to dog
this administration as they struggle to
kind of talk about affordability, which
is such a real concern for some large
swath of the population.
>> And it's the reason why a lot of people
are looking at the midterm elections and
potential stimulus that could come ahead
of that as Priya was talking about. Uh
in just the last 30 minutes, turning to
markets, global stocks pushing into
record territory after the Federal
Reserve's latest interest rate cut. Liz
Ann Sonders of Charles Schwab remaining
cautious into 2026, saying we believe
the macro environment will continue to
be unstable, but stocks can likely churn
higher given a firmer earnings backdrop.
Liz Ann joins us now. And Liz Ann, this
is what a lot of people are saying, just
watch the earnings. Show me the money.
And the companies can do that, and then
you'll start to see gains. Just how do
you think it's going to play out in
terms of a tale of two halves, a tale of
rotations, et cetera?
Well, you know, we've been talking a lot
and writing a lot about the the K-shaped
nature of this cycle. It's become a bit
ubiquitous. But I think one place where
you're actually already starting to see
convergence is in the earnings growth
rates of the tech AI mega-cap tech, you
know, the different cohorts, their
earnings progress. So if you look at any
of those cohorts,
a year and a half ago, you were running
at earnings year-over-year earnings
growth rates of about 50%, but those
have been decelerating, maybe into the
20% range,
where the other part of the market is
actually seeing accelerating rate of
earnings growth. So, I'm a big believer
in the old adage about, you know, better
or worse can often matter more than good
or bad, and I think it's the trajectory
of earnings that is one of the reasons
why we've seen some dislocations within
these prior leadership areas, only two
of the mag seven outperforming the S&P,
and opportunities that are being found
outside of those prior leadership names.
Liz Ann, we've been paying a lot of
attention to sentiment data, in part
because we just haven't had the the hard
data as a result of this government
shutdown, but you and Kevin Gordon have
coined a new word here, it's the
vibe-pression. You're worried about a
vibe-pression, and I wonder if you could
spell out how much of a what it is,
first of all, and then how much of a
worry it is for you as we move move
ahead here to 2026.
I I I think, you know, it used to be
talked about just in the context of soft
economic data versus hard economic data.
So, soft data would be the survey-based
data, and that's where you're still
showing incredibly dour outlooks. You
look at uh U Michigan's uh consumer
sentiment kind of plummeting at cycle
lows here at the same time as part of a
Conference Board's
index, their consumer confidence index,
and they have different cohorts that
represent the survey respondents.
Conference Board tends to skew a little
bit uh wealthier, but Conference Board
has a question about expectations for
stock prices. That's absolutely through
the roof. U Mich has a question about
expectations for the unemployment rate.
That's through the roof. That is one of
the ultimate disconnects that maybe is a
reference to this vibe-session,
vibe-pression, or the way we used to
think of it as much weaker soft data
relative to hard data. You probably see
a little bit of convergence in 2026, and
by convergence, probably moves in both
directions.
Um I'm curious when you think about
dispersion, where you see things kind of
moving here in in 2026. So, if if we're
not going to be um wagging our chins
about the Magnificent Seven and the
hyperscalers in 2026 to the degree which
we have in 2025, where do you see that
conversation moving in the year ahead?
So, I think as it relates to AI, the
story is certainly not in the rearview
mirror, but I think there's maybe an
increasing focus even beyond data
centers, which was the more recent surge
area relative to the hyper scalers and
the original picks and shovels
companies. I think the shift is more
toward the adopters, the effective
adopters.
Um not just in a very general sense, but
actually starting to get meat put on the
bones in terms of impact on
productivity, what it means for labor
costs, can it help improve uh profit
margins. So, I think that may be one of
the newer themes that develops within AI
is that uh adopter theme. But, you're
also seeing broader participation in
other segments of the market, healthcare
having some of the best breadth right
now. Now, we would also caution against
simplistic monolithic sector-based
investing, because there's
there's a lot of dispersion within
sectors, and that's where we think you
want to apply that factor-based analysis
at least as an add-on to sector-based
analysis, and the factors that we're
focused on right now, to to use an
old-school acronym, are very GARP-like.
So, you don't want to sacrifice growth
just for value. You want to look for
value, but you want to have those growth
characteristics as well.
Liz Ann, is bad news good news for
stocks? I mean, ahead of next week,
meaning if you get weak economic data,
well, then the Fed's going to cut a lot
more, maybe do real QE, and so equities
can look through it, or you think either
the rotation trade or actually equity
valuations are at risk if the
unemployment rate keeps rising. Abriah,
maybe marginally bad is okay from a uh
Fed reaction function perspective, but
really bad news, uh especially in the
labor market, regardless of what that
means for the trajectory of monetary
policy, I think is bad news,
particularly given that the support for
this economy, consumer spending
resilience, that has largely been a
function of not just health in the labor
market, but confidence about the labor
market. You start to see weaker than
expected numbers to a significant
degree, that feeds not just back into
the consumption channels, but very
quickly back into the confidence
channels. So, Liz Ann, are you buying
the idea of a jobless recovery? Can we
see that in 2026 fueling the rotation,
or is that kind of implausible given
what you just said?
Well, if you look at the ADP data, all
of the job growth has been concentrated
recently in larger companies, companies
with 500 employees or more. Anything
below that is really where you're seeing
the compression. You see that that
divide in terms of corporate profits,
too. Very strong S&P profits, 13, 14%,
yet NIPA-based version of profits,
national income and product accounts,
which is millions of companies, public
companies, private companies,
first half of the year, we don't have
the third quarter data yet, was actually
in slight negative territory, and that's
being reflected in the labor market as
well. So, that's where I do think the
bifurcations
persist. I think the net is it looks
just sluggish, but I think you have to
fine-tooth comb it in terms of size of
company in particular. Everything is
K-shaped in 2025 and possibly 2026. Liz
Ann Saunders of Charles Schwab, thank
you so much, as always, for being with
us. Right now, let's get you to an
update on stories elsewhere. Here is
your Bloomberg Brief with Bonnie Blair.
Bonnie. Lisa, thank you. The US Senate
rejecting Democratic plans to extend the
Obamacare subsidies by another 3 years.
The chamber also rejecting a Republican
plan to partially replace the [music]
enhanced subsidies. The failed votes
raising the likelihood that premiums
will double on average for nearly 22
million Americans at the end of [music]
this year.
President Trump is expected to push for
dramatically loosening federal
restrictions on marijuana. The
Washington Post is reporting an
executive order would direct agencies to
reclassify marijuana as a schedule three
[music] drug, similar to some
prescription painkillers. The move
wouldn't legalize nor decriminalize
marijuana, but it would ease barriers to
research and boost the bottom lines of
legal businesses.
Uber says it expects to offer robo-taxi
[music] services in more than 10 markets
by the end of next year. CEO Dara
Khosrowshahi told us that possible new
markets include Hong Kong and Japan as
it holds discussions with regulators.
Earlier this year, Uber and Baidu
announced plans to launch robo-taxis on
the ride-sharing [music]
platform in several markets outside the
US and mainland China.
And that is your Bloomberg Brief, Lisa.
[music] Thank you so much, Bonnie. I was
thinking a lot about robo-taxis this
morning. Have either of you ever taken a
robo-taxi?
>> sure I have. I'm waiting for them. Well,
I'm waiting for them, too. I'm excited
for them, but who's going to clean them?
I'm just thinking, it could be a good
job opportunity for somebody. I mean,
you have to imagine
>> Maybe a humanoid. Yeah. Robot cleaner. I
mean, I'm just thinking, you know,
that's that's sort of the job
opportunity that comes from AI. You
think so? I'm waiting for self-cleaning
I'm waiting for self-cleaning homes,
too. Oh, I think so. Self-folding
clothes. Oh, yeah. I think I would love
it. Up next, an uneven consumer.
The consumer has been extraordinarily
engaged. It's going to vary depending on
the income cohort. That's a big part of
the narrative that it's not even. It
never is even, frankly. You Elena
Yelcheva of the Conference Board joining
us next as we take stock of the
consumer, especially in light of some
recent sentiment surveys expressing some
concern. This is Bloomberg Surveillance.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Inquiring minds wanted to know about the
cleanliness of robo-taxis, and we got
some, evidently. Uh David Gura has
[music] been doing extensive research,
and right now we're seeing uh that there
is a good cleaning system even for
special incidents.
>> Yeah, well, you've got human oversight.
They're looking at the cars, automated
systems in the cars as well. And I note
here, NBC News reporting [music] woman
gave birth in a Waymo in San Francisco
on the way to the hospital
a few days ago, had the baby.
Mother and kid are doing [music]
fine. But she might have got a worldly
set. But she might have got You're
taking me down a path I didn't expect to
go down on this Friday morning. She
might have had to pay an extra fee for
cleaning. Right now, we're looking at a
market that is turning. Uh you're seeing
that bifurcation continue, where you see
the large caps do more poorly than the
small caps. S&P futures lower by 2/10
[music] of a percent. A bit of a
sell-off in the bond space, particularly
on the long end. The 10-year yields
climbing back toward that 4.2%, [music]
4.18% rounded up. And you do see silver
climbing to an all-time high with crude
fluctuating. Under Surveillance this
morning, [music] an uneven consumer.
Consumer has been extraordinarily
engaged. You are still seeing the
embrace of discretionary spending in
addition to the necessities. [music] So,
it's um consumers that, you know, again,
it's going to vary depending on the
income cohort. That's a big part of the
narrative that it's not even. It never
is [music] even, frankly.
Um but you have consumer spending that
is still running at a healthy clip.
Here's the latest. Shoppers gearing up
for what is expected to be a
record-breaking holiday season, despite
consumer confidence tumbling to its
lowest levels going back to April.
Joining us now is Elena Yelcheva of the
Conference Board. Elena, could you give
us some color around the retail sales
data that we're going to be getting next
week, as well as this holiday shopping
season?
Is it wonderful? Is it people looking
for deals and being picky and just sort
of back-ending some of their purchases
to try to get the best bang for their
buck?
I think so. I think uh the latest, uh
you know, earnings results are telling
us that consumers are shifting towards
uh value and essentials. And uh you
know, uh clubs and value retailers doing
great means that uh consumers are really
concerned about what is going on in
terms of prices and they are really
shifting towards those savings. So, I
think we're looking at a healthy holiday
season, but not necessarily the best
one. So, I think you know, probably
the the results of the Thanksgiving
holiday was were a little bit
overstating
the health of the consumer. Yelena,
great to see you and I'd love for you to
put the context for us where we are in
the capacity the companies have, their
willingness to absorb costs because of
these tariffs. I I I might posit that
maybe this holiday Christmas season is
kind of the last gasp for them to do
this before maybe in the new year we
begin to see some of that trickling down
to to consumers. Am I right in
anticipating that might be the case?
Sort of what's the status of of that?
Sort of their their willingness to do
that?
Yeah, thanks David. Thanks for the
question. I think you're right. I think
holidays is probably going to be okay,
but our modeling at the conference board
shows that the bulk of the tariffs
impact will be evident in the beginning
of 2026. So, Q1, Q2.
And that is where we see the biggest
softening in consumer demand actually.
So, I think despite the fact that you
know, the news cycle kind of moved away
from tariffs a little bit in recent
months, consumers are still feeling the
burden. They're still feeling prices are
elevated and they are shifting
their spending patterns. Actually, at
the conference board we survey consumers
by different
types of income. So, it's the whole
spectrum of income groups that we reach
out to. And what I what I see in our
consumer confidence data is a
broad-based a decline in income
expectations. I see a broad-based
decline in consumer confidence over the
course of 2025. This is the time to kind
of like look back at the year and assess
what's go what happened and there was a
24 point decline in consumer confidence
over the course of 2025.
Consumers earning making more than 125
thousand dollars a year,
the decline in their confidence was also
sizable, something like minus 17 points.
I'm still having a hard time kind of
squaring the sentiment data with the the
hard data, what we're seeing in terms of
people yes out there spending money. I
kind of imagine
Santa Claus filling his sack with
gritted teeth. He's he's doing it, but
maybe he's not feeling good about the
prices that that he's paying. Is that
reflective of what we're seeing here and
and and what do you make of that seeming
disconnect between again the hard data
and the sentiment data that you watch so
closely?
I I think it's the timing issue and uh
you know, to certain degree we did see
some softening in consumer spending, the
actual data
in September already, right? So, look at
the personal income and spending report
for that month. Obviously, it's very
stale, but that shows that you know,
there was some softening in
spending on non-durable goods for
example, right? And as things are
getting more and more expensive. I think
we do see that. We'll get another piece
of evidence next week when retail sales
data comes out. I think it's not a
collapse. It's it's it's somewhat softer
growth in consumer spending. But
obviously, a big risk is the labor
market. So, what happens to the labor
market going into 20 26 will matter
the most for the pace of consumer
spending.
Yelena, good to see you. So, the the
labor differential which you're
highlighting I think is is key here
where people feel if you have a job,
you're okay cuz layoffs are not picking
up. But do you think housing
affordability is another reason why
consumer sentiment is that weak? Cuz I'm
trying to see do the 200 175 basis
points of rate cuts, do they help
housing affordability? Like do you think
these rate cuts can actually improve
consumer sentiment or we continue to see
this disconnect and sort of wait for
that timing to play out?
I agree. Yeah, I think that you know,
you're referring to the level of
interest rates and even if interest
rates continue to
edged edged lower in terms of mortgage
rates,
that could improve affordability, but
the big part of the affordability
calculation is prices and prices are
still elevated. Well, maybe they're
growing at a slower pace, but they're
still growing. So, you have that one
million dollar house and it's now a
million and 5,000. So, it's still it's
still very unaffordable to a lot of
people out there. Maybe at the margin it
could help, but I think we just need
continued growth in real wages going
forward
as Chair Powell mentioned earlier this
week to kind of outgrow from um you
know, the economy needs to grow into
that kind of
state where consumers will be able to
afford a little bit more and
you know, be happy again about how they
are faring. Can't they all just be
happy? Yelena Shulyatyeva of the
Conference Board, you're you're sighing,
but you're out here with Santa filling
his sack with gritted teeth. You know,
incredible poetry over here on this
morning. You know, Priya, I am curious
from your perspective how much you're
seeing a consumer that could surprise to
the upside. I mean, do you see this idea
of stimulus potentially supporting and
putting something else in Santa's sack?
I [snorts] struggle with stimulus. I
mean, we are going to get some from the
one big beautiful bill. I think we have
to see how much of that has already been
spent.
Meaning, do people expect that refund
and I'm going to spend in the holiday
season and then we have a hangover in
the first and second month of next year.
So, let's see that. You know, I I see
that K-shaped consumer. So, if you have
wealth, equities have done great, fixed
income has done well, and so the the
balance sheet of the upper income
consumer has done fine and they're able
to afford things as well. It's the lower
part of the K and so a lot of this rests
on does that broaden out the lower part
of the K? Does that continue to widen
and that's going to depend on the labor
market. The warn numbers have picked up.
So, companies are saying they're
planning to lay off people. Now, if they
all get absorbed, that's great, but the
hiring numbers are not that good. So,
we're still a little cautious here.
Yeah, I think a lot of people are
watching some of these numbers very
closely in particular Tuesday's labor
market report. Priya Misra, thank you so
much for being with us this morning.
Really appreciate Priya Misra of JP
Morgan. Coming up next, Darrell Cronk of
Wells Fargo, former White House Chief
Information Officer Teresa Payton,
[music]
Becky Quick of the Manpower Group, and
Eric Cantor of Millison Company. From
New York, this is Bloomberg
Surveillance.
>> [music]
>> Mag 7 hasn't been the monolith that it
had been the last couple years. Had
companies have healthy balance sheets,
but on the margin they're getting worse
rather than better.
>> More cash flow is generated in Mag 7
than the rest of the S&P. There is a lot
going on into next [music] year, which
is why I think we're positive, but I
think there may be some volatility.
>> There's a 30% chance that you get a
full-on bubble next year.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
[music] Jonathan Ferro, Lisa Abramowicz,
and Annmarie Hordern.
Good morning. Welcome back to Bloomberg
Surveillance. Stocks pulling back after
hitting another record high on Fed rate
cutting expectations. The question's
mounting about how far Big Tech can
[music] really go. Questions after
Broadcom earnings. Questions after even
Oracle. Now, we're going to be looking
at all of the data coming out in the
upcoming week, including the November
jobs report as well as of course retail
sales and CPI. [music]
A real question here as we get some
commentary from a number of the Fed
members.
>> Yeah, a busy week for them opining. We
heard from the Fed chairman. Now, we're
hearing from other members of the
committee, regional [music] bank
presidents as well on how they see the
economy, the process forward going
forward here.
You [music] mentioned that data, a lot
of it delayed. Some of these deadlines
are now indefinite. Just an open
question I think of how effective it is
in telling us about the state of the
economy. They obviously always backward
looking, but now increasingly so and I
think that kind of flummoxes them a
little bit more. Yeah, we're getting
commentary this morning from Austan
Goolsbee who was one of the three
dissenters. He dissented not have any
kind of [music] rate cut. He said that
he felt it more prudent to wait for more
information. Talking about how a lot of
the business people and consumers that
they have spoken to in his district talk
about prices, the [music] sort of cost
concerns that we think about. I remain
optimistic that interest rates can come
down a significant amount over the next
year as I've reiterated from months. My
unease is about too heavily
front-loading rate cuts and just
assuming [music] that inflation will be
transitory. How much is the T word still
hovering over this FOMC?
>> A lot of popular fascination about
Austan Goolsbee as [music] a dissenter
in that last decision. Here we see him
kind of reiterating what he said all
along. He is an adherent to the data. He
likes to talk about the data. [music]
Wants to see more data. That's been
something we've heard from him over the
course of the last few months. Just the
the eagerness to have more of it. So,
not surprised there,
but certainly interesting again to think
about the move that he made there
advocating for a pause here until we get
I think the big data number from next
[music] week, of course, the jobs number
from the labor department.
>> On the other side we're getting Anna
Paulson, the Philadelphia Fed president,
coming out and explaining why she did
cut opt to cut rates saying that she is
still more concerned about the labor
market than inflation. Next week we get
a read on that information. Next week we
get, of course, the jobs report from
November on Tuesday. We also get retail
sales and then on Wednesday CPI. So,
both sides of this equation, albeit with
some dated measure. The idea that this
should have come out already before this
meeting and yet here we are because of
the government shutdown. And watch this
space [music] especially given some of
what's been priced in in terms of rate
cuts for next year. Meanwhile, in
markets yesterday we did see [music]
all-time highs today pulling back just a
touch although really as the session
grows older, you can't keep a good
market down. This is very much for you
Steve Shiverer down just out a tenth of
a percent on the S&P yields just
slightly higher now crossing that 418
threshold on 10-year yields. Yield curve
steepening taking hold after the Fed cut
rates. [music] And you are seeing
ongoing dollar weakness throughout the
week but today marginally strength at
117 [music]
on the euro-dollar cross. Coming up this
hour, Darrell Cronk of Wells Fargo as
stocks trade near all-time highs. Former
White House CIO Teresa Payton as Disney
is officially entering the AI era. Hello
Mickey Mouse. And former House Majority
Leader Eric Cantor on the Fed's path
ahead for interest rates. We begin this
hour with stocks looking to end the week
on a high note possibly. Darrell Cronk
of Wells Fargo writing, "We believe the
next 12 months will favor US equities.
Trade tariff and longer-term inflation
concerns could result in equity buying
opportunities." Darrell joins us now.
Darrell, thank you so much for being
with us.
>> My pleasure, Lisa. So, before we get
into 2026, what do you make of this week
in terms of the Fed meeting? In terms of
the rhetoric we're hearing this morning
and the sort of push-pull that we need
more information before the Fed can come
more aggressively lean in any direction
or give any kind of guidance.
Yeah, I think well, so Austin's comment
this morning about significant rate cuts
into next year doesn't match with how
the vote came in last week obviously.
Um, we still think I mean if you look at
their their dot plots, right? They have
one cut in for next year. It's probably
too light to be candid, right? You're
going to get a new Fed chair in in
mid-May, right? Who all signs indicate
are going to be dovish is going to be
dovish, right? Um, we think there's
probably at least two cuts into next
year. Um, and you're seeing that in the
bond market. The bond market doesn't
believe the Fed's SEP uh dot plots.
There's It's saying if you look out um
on on Fed funds futures that by December
next year there'll be 53 basis points
reduction in Fed funds, which is two
cuts basically.
I think you could build more of that in
there particularly if you see that
consumer weaken which you've talked
about all morning, the labor market
deterioration. Um, I I think the
November jobs report next week is not
going to be very pretty, right? From a
headline number. So, this goes to
Premisra's question, right? Are rate
cuts a good thing if they're coming on
the heels of weakness in the labor
market? Are they a good thing for risk
assets? How do you take that?
They have been a good thing for risk
assets. We saw that reaction on
Wednesday obviously. It It's
interesting. I think what's changing in
risk assets if you get below the surface
is it's more of a it's it's all it's
about cyclicals but it's more about
industrial cyclicals than it has been
about consumer cyclicals. For the
longest time you know, in the last
several years consumer discretionary has
done extraordinarily well along with
tech and com services and all that
stuff. Now you're really seeing
industrials take off. You're seeing
financials take off. You're seeing uh of
course utilities continue to take off
and participate. So, 2026 I think ends
up being more about kind of like an
industrial cyclical play than maybe a
consumer cyclical play as the consumer
still struggles with a bad labor market,
poor confidence levels and you know,
they're going to get the boost uh from
the the big tax cuts coming in in the
first quarter of this year. Most people
don't realize that. The tax cut number
is going to be up 50% year over year. It
was 300 billion last year. It looks like
it's going to be north of 500 billion
this year. So, it's material. And and
history tells you the consumer will
spend. They spend a dollar 17 of every
dollar they get back in a refund
historically if you go back and look at
the data. We see that disconnect between
the street and the SEP as you you
mentioned. Uh I think a lot of kind of
concern or curiosity about what this Fed
looks like come May when Fed chair
Jerome Powell steps aside that he'd
become a governor
remain a governor or do something else
entirely. He wouldn't say wouldn't say
which. Um, we did have this news
overnight the Fed confirming 11 of the
12 uh regional bank presidents. There's
one retirement there. Uh but certainly I
think for those who are worried about
Fed independence, a positive step
forward here. How much are you thinking
about that? The change in personnel at
the Fed, how much is that kind of
coloring your sense of where things are
headed? It does seem like there's a lot
of ambiguity unknowns going into this
new year when it comes to monetary
policy. Yeah, I think the
we think the the Fed independence, you
know, concern um
uh risk might be a little bit overplayed
especially now that you've got the the
Fed regional presidents, right? So, you
know you've got the seven governors
voting. You know you've got the New York
Fed president who always votes and then
four rotating regional Fed presidents
which make up the mix of how the Fed
votes uh at every meeting that they
have. Um, so
not much turnover the seven, right? The
New York Fed is looks to us like it
stays where it is and you get the normal
rotation of the four but it's going to
be the same four, right? To your point
of 11 of the 12 staying home. I think it
had you had more of a mix-up in those
regional presidents I think you'd have
restarted that whole narrative about Fed
independence and and influence of the
administration over the Fed and that
type of thing. I think everybody
breathed a little bit of a sigh of
relief yesterday afternoon when that
news came down minus, you know, uh
regional president Bostic who already
announced his retirement. I'm sure you
were working on your outlook for for
2026 for months. It's gone through edits
etc. etc. Has anything changed as a
result of what's happened this week when
you look at what we've seen from Oracle
and Broadcom, the the kind of agita
surrounding the prospect for AI, the
concerns about debt? Does it
change the color ever your sense of what
the year ahead looks like? No, not at
all. I mean
you're going to have moments in time
when you get these big transformations
like AI where things overheat and then
they walk themselves back. And so that
to us that looks like a short-term kind
of noise. The We actually launched our
outlook this last week and the the title
of it is called trend lines over
headlines, right? And that was a theme
throughout 2025, right? Think of all the
noise. Go back in 25, you had deep seek
early in the year, right? Then we moved
to liberation day in April, right? Then
as we went through the summer um, you
know, the US comes in and bombs three
Iranian nuclear facilities. We walk into
the fall like it's the old adage.
There's an axiom on Wall Street that
says, "If you give an investor a million
dollars and perfect foresight, they will
find a way to go broke, right? Over a
year, right?" Because when you looked at
those news events, you would not sit
here at this moment in time and say
the S&P 500 is a stone's throw away of
putting the third 20% return in the
books
uh consistently or consecutively um uh
at year end here. I mean we're up
basically 17 and a half percent. I tack
on a one and a half percent dividend on,
I'm right there, right? Which on the
back of 24 and 23, um that's a great
return, right? Notwithstanding all that
noise and headlines. The trend lines are
what we want to pay attention to and
that's
you know, monetary stimulus, fiscal
stimulus, deregulation,
um a what we think is a capex supercycle
and the M&A world picking back up again.
All those things have real materiality
to them and play through the day-to-day
noisy headlines. Which is the reason why
there are so many double-digit
expectations for 2026 as well, which is
actually fairly rare, right? I mean but
we got the from this morning as we got
Goldman Sachs strategist seeing a 7,600
price target. That's on the lower end
with just a 10% gain. It just kind of
highlights. Does it make you worried
that it's so consensus now that we're
going to just keep on grinding higher
because of this trend line? So, people
forget if you spin the clock back to
exactly this time last year, the
consensus was that the US economy would
enter a recession in 2025. And in fact,
the first quarter GDP was negative. It
was down 0.5, 0.6%, right? And then we
took off in the second quarter
economically, right? But but people were
very differently positioned this time
last year than they are today. The just
this week we started to see S&P 8,000
targets out there, Lisa, to your point,
right? So, the the optimism and
euphoria, we've done we've flipped the
script from last year to this year.
Consensus is rarely right, right? Let's
just call it what it is, right? History
proves you over and over again that the
crowded consensus often isn't the right
trade as you think about what's going to
happen on a forward-looking basis and
not a backward-looking basis which too
many of our PhD economists and everybody
else are looking in the rearview mirror
all the time instead of out on through
the through the windshield. Darrell
Cronk, I'm so happy to say that you're
going to be sticking with us for the
hour. While we were speaking, there was
some news that just crossed. Reuters
scoop talking about Nvidia potentially
raising its H200 chip output due to
demand. This was the big question
earlier this week when President Trump
signed off on Nvidia's ability to sell
the two H200 chips to China. Would there
be the demand? And really this would
suggest that the answer which is yes.
This was just a huge open question. We
can't understate that enough. Have to
underline that that, you know, there's
been this roiling debate what should be
exported to China, what shouldn't be.
And there was that kind of coinness or
strange moment on the earnings call with
the CFO of Nvidia where they said
they're basically treating China as a
zero item line item on that. They they
weren't counting on this kind of
investment. So, we were all wondering
the company itself I think very much
wondering sort of what that demand would
be like. And we've certainly gotten
mixed messages from China over these
last few weeks. And in the news that we
reported earlier this morning, there's
going to be this new kind of
subsidy or state focus from China on its
on its chip industry as well. So, a a
lot swirling around that over the course
of this Friday morning. China trying to
put its thumb on the scale when it comes
to its financing of domestic chips while
at the same time the company
>> needing these chips from the US.
>> from the United States. Right now, let's
get you an update on stories elsewhere
this morning. Here is your Bloomberg
Brief from Bonnie Quinn. Bonnie. Lisa,
thank you. Um, China also considering a
package of chip sector incentives worth
as much as $70 billion. Sources telling
us here at Bloomberg, the program would
aim to reduce China's reliance on
foreign chip makers such as Nvidia.
President Donald Trump signing an
executive order to go after state-level
regulation of artificial intelligence.
Trump saying the industry shouldn't have
to navigate a patchwork of AI rules. The
order directs the Attorney General to
set up an AI litigation task force to
sue over state laws that are
inconsistent with White House policy.
Lululemon shares rallying in the
pre-market on news that CEO is stepping
down. The company's founder is weighing
in writing quote, "The company needs
revitalization and an infusion of new
skills to get back to being a product
first company." [music]
He's calling for a new independent board
of directors to lead the search for a
new CEO.
And that is your Bloomberg [music]
Brief, Lisa. Thank you so much, Bonnie.
Up next, the morning calls, plus former
White House CIO Teresa Payton as Disney
enters a whole new world of AI. Who knew
that we needed a GIF with Mickey Mouse
talking to you personally about your
laundry. That's next. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance.
>> [music]
>> There's part of this deal we like and
part that we don't. Um, the part that we
like is we'd rather see a commercial
deal than litigation.
Um, and so we like the idea that they've
inked [music] something. We think
Disney's going to get some cash for the
use of its IP. The part I don't like is
the billion-dollar investment. Disney
tends to have a propensity to invest its
capital at sort of the peak of the
mania. [music]
That was Jason Bazinet of Citigroup on
this discussion of Disney and its
partnership with OpenAI. A real question
about how you get involved in artificial
intelligence as a content creator. Right
now, big tech underperforming, but
really you are seeing futures come back
as the session grows older. S&P futures
now barely down, less than 1/10 of a
percent. You are still seeing though
that sell-off in the yield space.
10-year yields close to that 4.18%.
So, a real question here heading into
next week about whether we do get
supportive robust data coming out of the
US economy. Time now for the morning
calls. First up, Bank of America raising
its price target on Lululemon to $220,
viewing its leadership change as an
opportunity for a fresh perspective.
Those shares surging almost 10% [music]
in pre-market activity. Next up,
JPMorgan upgrading City to overweight,
expecting profitability to improve next
year. And finally, TD Cowen raising its
price target on Broadcom to $450,
highlighting upside from its business
with [music] Anthropic. Those shares
still lower, 6.2% ahead of the open
after earnings yesterday were fine, but
then they didn't necessarily give a
guide that [music] left people with a
good flavor in their mouth. Sticking
with AI, Disney licensing its characters
to OpenAI and taking a billion-dollar
stake in the startup. Former White House
Chief Information Officer Teresa Payton
writing, "This move makes clear the
GenAI era is here to stay, and when a
company like Disney loosens its grip, it
shows just how quickly AI is reshaping
expectations." Teresa joins us now for
more. Teresa, thank you so much for
being with us. Let's start there. This
idea of how do content creators grapple
with the AI era? What have we learned
from this transaction?
Yeah, this is very interesting, bold on
Disney's part, also risky because if
this AI-generated content crosses the
line, both creators and consumers are
not going to blame the algorithm,
they're going to blame Disney. But, it
really is an energizing time. It'll be
very interesting to see where this goes.
I hope and I see sort of early signs
that content creators are protected in
the initial stages of this deal.
Um, so it could be that actually content
creators, if it gets executed the right
way, may actually come out on top. But,
you know, kind of the proof will be in
the details as this rolls out.
>> And Teresa, we can get into whether this
is the right partnership for Disney, the
idea of this particular engine and
exactly how people are going to be using
it. But, does it highlight to you
something else that's taking place
throughout Hollywood, throughout the
creative realm, which is trying to
figure out who to partner with so that
you don't have to just be aggressively
going after everybody, you can actually
be working with them to make yourself
more relevant?
Yeah, I I love that you brought this up
because if I were advising Mr. Iger and
Disney on this particular thing, I
notice that it's 3 years. That's too
long. We don't know who the winners and
losers are going to be in 3 years. And
so, I I would have liked to see, and
maybe it's in the contract details and
we just aren't privy to it, I would have
liked to have seen it could be up to 3
years, maybe it's a 1-year horizon and
then renewable after 1 year up to 3
years. But, this does show how fast AI
is reshaping all of our expectations and
how urgently we need a couple of things.
We need governance, we need AI ethics,
we need safety standards and security
standards, as well as protection of
intellectual property. The creators are
going to be the first to feel this the
most.
Um, but businesses everywhere, consumers
everywhere, you're going to see over
time, we're going to have to think about
what are the emerging standards as well
as it relates to our intellectual
property. You opened the door with your
"If I were advising Bob Iger," so I'm
going to go there. And I'm I'm very
curious when you look at the debut of
Sora, it was like a mess of slop. The
company got into a ton of trouble. There
were the Martin Luther King Jr. videos
and the like. This was really kind of
something that that blew up quickly, was
was kind of a cultural flash in the pan
and then kind of crashed cataclysmically
at the end.
Look, we're used to seeing Mickey Mouse
play the role of Bob Cratchit with
Scrooge McDuck. But, when when this
moves into something else, you're going
to need guardrails in place. And I'm
just curious about your sense of the
thoughtfulness that that went into this
deal. And both of these companies shared
capacity to
deal with this, to to regulate this
space and sort of that how that colors
the deal as you look at it.
Yeah, I mean, Disney has been a leader
in sort of thinking about how to do
things differently. Everything from
animation to movies to theme parks
to resort stays. So, Disney definitely
does put a lot in time of thought and
time into how they think about this. I'm
assuming the Imagineers are going to be
all over this. But, you bring up
something really important, which is
sort of this shared responsibility the
two companies now have to the governance
and guardrails. And I I don't know that
any company right now really understands
the combination they're going to need to
have for for moderation of these
different things that are posted on
these online platforms. So, it's going
to have to be somewhat of a human-led,
human precision around the content
that's generated and making sure it
doesn't violate the terms and
conditions. We're not going to be able
to leave the job up to AI to govern AI
because I think in the end AI will
decide, "Meh, it's probably okay." So, I
I I think you're right, there's a shared
responsibility here. We need to
underscore that and hopefully they're
going to have people all over this as
far as those governance and guardrails,
looking at content and being very
assertive around taking down content
that could damage the brand, be bad for
public safety, and some of the other
things that are sort of unintended
negative consequences.
>> to sound like a huge skeptic here, but
put this question under the "What are we
doing?" broader question. And and that
is you have the enterprise level
companies wondering about how AI is
going to change the way they work,
pouring a lot of money into this, maybe
not knowing exactly what it's going to
be like when it's put into to effect.
Here we have Disney doing this, and I'm
just kind of curious how you react to
the question of like, "Is this it?" I
mean, is this kind of the radical change
that AI is going to bring about that
like Lisa is going to be able to make a
delightful 10-second video with Mickey
Mouse or Donald Duck.
What what does it say just about our
sense of where this technology is going
versus sort of what what we kind of
recognize as we're able to do right now?
I I It's a great question. And, you
know, I This is an example of, you know,
sort of that keep your friends close and
your frenemies closer. I'm not I'm not
sure how Disney is looking at all of the
different AI content platforms, but we
know they had a beef with Google.
Um, that that uh, you know, that is
under discussion. And now they placed a
bet on OpenAI. So, I I think what we're
seeing here is some early bets being
placed. I don't know necessarily that
this will be an ongoing, sustaining
relationship. We'll just have to see.
But, it is smart on Disney's part to
lead the way, to say, "Well, we're going
to place a bet on this. We're going to
learn from this. Uh, we're going to
pilot this type of partnership and
relationship."
Uh, I think again, 3 years is too long.
Um, that's just my humble opinion here.
But, I I think it's smart for them to
place a bet. Hopefully, again, the
Imagineers and the governance and
guardrails that Disney can bring to bear
and the discipline that Disney can bring
to bear, um, is going to result in
something smart. Uh, I do think this
will start a new wave of announcements
like this. So, I do expect to see other
entertainment groups, as well as other
companies, announcing big partnerships
like this. Former White House Chief
Information Officer Teresa Payton, thank
you so much for being with us. Daryl
Cronk still with us here from Wells
Fargo. From your perspective, is this a
good deal?
I think it's actually a better deal than
initially people thought, right? It's
the classic uh,
uh, boardroom  management
strategy of partner and police at the
same time. Partner with OpenAI, figure
out where you're going to put to
Teresa's good points, the guardrail, and
then police which what was or what they
considered to be kind of intellectual
property theft or or, you know, illicit
use that was didn't have guardrails and
was not codified in some way, right? So,
this allows them to say, "Look, we have
a partnership with OpenAI. It's
short-form video. We have this cast of
200 characters, right?" So, it puts
those tight guardrails on what that
universe looks like. And then, that way
they can defend it in the corporate
universe where people are using it in
long-form video or or in other places,
TV, where just there's no rules to the
road type of thing.
>> We were talking about is this a good
thing or a bad thing for Hollywood
actors, for script writers. And I there
is this issue of what is the precedent
here after the strike that we saw last
year in terms of AI-generated content.
Do we have a clear sense of that, or
does this just raise more questions than
answers? I think it's the latter. It's
more questions than answers. I I think
the the actors and actresses will really
question where's that line of
demarcation between, you know, can you
use my voice over? Can you replicate it
through AI? Do I have any, you know,
contractual rights there? Am I getting
paid for that and and monetized in any
way? So, I think all that still has to
be figured out, but you've got to take
the first step of the partnership and
Disney had to establish the partnership.
I completely agree with Teresa that this
is going to unleash a fury of kind of
other partnerships and considerations.
Obviously, we see that already with
what's happening with, you know, the
Netflix
Warner Brothers
you know, Skydance, you know, Saga,
right? So, the media world is really
becoming kind of ground zero for a lot
of those battles about what the future
looks like and who's going to get the
floor. Yeah, which is to your point. Are
we going to be here, or is it going to
be Donald Duck sitting here? And the
question of what the labor market will
look like and how it gets affected. Tune
in Monday. You never know. Coming up
next, we'll talk about the labor market.
Becky Frankiewicz of Manpower Group on
the impact of AI with respect to jobs.
From New York, this is Bloomberg
Surveillance.
>> [music]
>> I should listen to Steve Schirripa more
often. Yesterday, futures were lower and
he said by the end of today, it's going
to be higher. Well, right now, we're
seeing futures that were substantially
lower and as the session grows older,
less so. S&P futures are down by a tenth
of a percent. You are seeing a little
bit of
reprisal for the dollar, although just.
We've seen dollar weakening 117 on the
euro-dollar cross and yields now
crossing that 4.18% level on the 10-year
as you do see that yield curve
steepening. Turning to the Federal
Reserve, as we hear from [music]
multiple speakers today, Bloomberg's
Michael McKee joins us now. We did hear
some comments from Austin Goolsbee. Just
curious about the reason behind some of
these dissents.
Well, that's what we're getting, the
explanations. It's become a tradition
lately for Fed officials to explain as
soon as the blackout lifts why they
dissented and the blackout has lifted.
So, we got
few minutes ago
Austin Goolsbee's comments from the
Chicago Fed saying basically, people are
telling him inflation worries them more
than jobs. Goolsbee said almost all
business people and consumers that we
have spoken to in the district lately
identify prices as the main concern. I
remain optimistic that interest rates
can come down a significant amount over
the next year. As I have reiterated for
months, my unease is about too heavily
front-loading rate cuts and just
assuming that inflation will be
transitory.
Now, just now we are getting breaking
explanation from Jeffrey Schmid from the
Kansas City Fed who also voted to hold
rates steady. I continue to hear
concerns about inflation. My
conversation suggests we are at risk of
moving away from a situation where, to
quote former chairman Alan Greenspan,
inflation is so low and stable over time
that it does not materially enter into
the decisions of households and firms.
So, those are the dissenters and we will
be hearing from other Fed officials. We
heard from Anna Paulson who was not a
voter this time. She's the new Philly
Fed president, but she is going to be a
voter next year. She says that labor
market is more of a concern to her, but
somebody else who has focused more on
inflation, Beth Hammack of Cleveland, is
also speaking in a little while and we
expect her to sound much more like
Goolsbee and Schmid. Makes it harder for
anybody coming into the Fed to try to
convince people to cut interest rates a
lot, to have all these dissents. And we
had another effort last night or another
move last night that also would make it
harder for the president to get his way.
The Fed has now confirmed
re-reconfirmed
all 11 of the 12 Fed regional
presidents. This happens every five
years.
Bostic has from Atlanta has announced
his retirement. That's why only 11 of
the 12. Renewals would kind of foreclose
a path to Fed control for Trump because
unless the Supreme Court says he can
fire people at will, then he's not going
to have a chance to replace Fed bank
presidents, either. Michael McKee, thank
you so much for breaking that all down.
Darrell Cronk of Wells Fargo is still
with us and Darrell, I'm curious your
perspective. Which do you think is the
bigger concern, inflation or the labor
market?
I actually think the labor market is a
bigger concern. I mean, so so stay with
me on the timeline here. If if you go
back a couple years, in 23, non-farm
payrolls averaged for the entire
calendar year 220,000 a month, right?
24, 186,000.
Year-to-date 25, at least of the data we
have, 151,000.
I think 26 non-farm payrolls probably
average somewhere between 30 and 50,000
new jobs a month. Right, which is a
material shift down, right?
Yes, you're not seeing you know, you're
getting this low hire, low fire
environment that everybody talks about,
but I think the the the growth of the
labor market is really hitting a stall
speed kind of point. Inflation to us
looks
looks like it's it's hanging out here
kind of in the upper twos, right? It's
not coming down to the Fed's target zone
and there's going to be kind of
corresponding pressures. It's
interesting because,
you know, I do think you're starting to
see the early early signs of AI having
that disinflationary push, right? Which
is which is important because when you
start throwing all that stuff in the
mix, right? About what's happened with
price increases and immigration and
tariffs and that all should be
inflationary, you have to ask the
question, why is inflation not moving
higher than it is? Well, that's exactly
where we want to stick on, this question
of are we seeing disinflation because
people aren't getting hired? And this is
what Howard Marks of Oaktree Capital
Management was warning about with the
impacts of AI. Take a listen.
I'm not talking about investing or
economics. I'm talking about society and
it's very worrying to me. If we can find
a way to a way to replace their income,
I worry about
purposelessness and you know, we we get
so much job
so much from our jobs
other than a paycheck. And you can't
replace that stuff.
Um so, I I worry for society. Becky
Frankiewicz of staffing firm Manpower
Group writing, AI is shape reshaping
work, but not erasing it. Blue-collar
demand remains strong stronger than
white-collar, though this appears to be
caution amid the evolving AI landscape
rather than a long-term trend. Becky
joins us now and Becky, I'm so grateful
that we get to speak with you because
there is this real anxiety. You heard it
there from Howard Marks. Will AI
cannibalize from the labor market and
leave people out of work? What's the
early evidence showing?
Yeah, good morning, Lisa. You know, we
are seeing a labor market that I would
say is definitely cooling. So, I would
agree with the gentleman from Wells
Fargo. It is cooling, not collapsing.
There are still pockets of growth in
industries and jobs and this widespread
impact of AI that we read in the
headlines is not yet realized, but we
are seeing early signs. So, what are the
early signs? Is it just idea of
blue-collar taking over for
white-collar? Is it the idea that
companies are more reluctant to hire? Is
it that productivity comes on the heels
of smaller workforces?
Yeah, it it's all of that, Lisa, and
more. So, let me give you the data. As
we look at real-time data, I think you
asked me four or five months ago the
percent of job mentions that require AI.
It was about 2% at the time. That held
steady until the last three months. It's
now 5% of mentions. And you might say,
well, that's not that big. That big of
move in three months in our economy is
quite large in terms of in-demand AI
jobs. The second impact I would note,
again, an early sign, software
developers have been the number two job
in most demand in our country since
2023. This year, it drops number three.
When you think about that echelon of job
demand to see that drop, also
significant. And the final piece of
evidence I would say is early indication
is when we see the demand for college
graduates starts decline. And so, the
number of jobs, the percent of jobs that
do not require a college degree,
entry-level jobs, has jumped 36%
in the last year.
I I hear the sobering comments from from
Howard Marks about what this means for
for society and it does give me pause,
especially when I think about the way
that the Fed chair talked about AI and
productivity during the course of the
press conference following the meeting
this week. He's willing to engage with
it, but still I think acknowledges the
fact that there is so much that we don't
know about the effect this is going to
have on on the labor market. We've
talked a lot about timing in the sense
of when is the construction of data
centers going to lead to advances in AI
and what's that going to mean for for
work? How about when it comes to
productivity? When you think about where
we are in having a more holistic
understanding of the impact this is
going to have on the labor market, where
are we? How much are we fumbling here
with with no real sense of of what it's
going to mean in real terms?
Yeah, so first, David, let me say I
loved Howard's responses. I believe in
work. It's the whole purpose of Manpower
Group. We believe in meaningful and
sustainable work. Work produces good
societies that
produces good families. So, I I'm so
grateful to hear someone from the
capital market start talking about that.
In terms of productivity, again, we are
seeing the anticipation of AI. So, if
you ask me to step back and say, what
are employers actually doing? Are they
seeing the business cases? Not yet. They
are stalling hiring in anticipation of
what AI can do. I spend a lot of my time
with CEOs and CHROs, heads of of of
companies around the world. In fact, I
was with about 12 of them in the last
week, and what I hear from them is the
promise of productivity, but not yet the
realization. But, there's active work in
almost every major company that I speak
to to understand the process changes
that can be implemented to drive
productivity. We're just not realizing
that yet. It's anticipatory stall, not
real reality stall. Hey Becky, great
comments um this morning. I'm curious
when we look at the labor market, much
is made about the softness, the you
know, the the deterioration of the labor
market. Where we do seem to see
strength, at least from our standpoint,
is in
tech hiring, health care hiring, and
maybe a little bit of hospitality. Are
there other areas where you're seeing,
so if we think about the whole labor
market maybe sliding this way, but
there's pockets of strength. Um where
should people be thinking about those
pockets of strength?
Yeah, so nice summary, by the way. Wells
Fargo's well-informed. Um I would say
first, we're seeing for sure in health
care, but there's a bit of nuance now in
health care. Registered nurses, not a
new topic. The new growth we're seeing,
um physical therapist, radiologists,
that's some new pockets of growth in
health care. Um retail has been quite a
surprise. Of course, we expect seasonal
hiring. We've gotten that, it continues.
Um but, we're seeing frontline workers,
cashiers, stockers, those are in demand.
And in tech, you mentioned tech. Um you
heard me speak to the software developer
decline, but there're new jobs in tech
that are up triple digits, almost 300%
increase on a low base. Data scientist,
um people who know how to use machine
learning. So, we're seeing these pockets
of growth, but I'll give you a surprise
one. In times of transition, management
is crucial. We are seeing growth in
executive leadership demand. So, the
demand for managers and and leaders who
can help us transition through this time
we're facing in the labor market. So,
those would be a couple of the pockets
of growth that we're seeing. Just
quickly, Becky, how much you're starting
to see entry-level work uh start to pick
up as well, cuz that's been a big
concern?
Yeah, so I'm I'm very concerned about
college grads, because we are seeing
decline in the need for a degree in
terms of demand. Um entry-level work, it
depends on the the industry, Lisa. Um
we're definitely seeing in food service,
eight of the top 10, eight of the top 10
hirers in our country today are food
service or retail. So, there are
definitely on ramps for those um
industries, and they are not requiring
college degrees. Becky Frankiewicz of
Manpower Group, thank you so much for
being with us uh and for that gut check.
Right now, let's get you an update on
stories elsewhere this morning. Here is
your Bloomberg Brief with Vanya Quinn.
Vanya. Lisa, thank you. Nvidia shares
rising in the premarket amid reports
that the chip giant is ramping up
production of its H200 AI chips. Reuters
is reporting the consideration comes
from strong demand from Chinese [music]
clients after the sale of the chips was
signed off upon by officials in both the
US and China.
Orders for the chips [music] from China
have exceeded Nvidia's current output
level, requiring the company to increase
capacity.
Uber is saying it expects to offer
robo-taxi services in more than 10
markets by the end of next year. [music]
CEO Dara Khosrowshahi is telling
Bloomberg News possible new markets
include Hong Kong and Japan. Earlier
this year, Uber and Baidu announced
plans to launch robo-taxis [music] on
the ride-sharing platform in several
markets outside the US and mainland
China.
The Education Department has added a
quote earnings indicator to the free
application for federal student aid.
That will indicate any school where the
average earnings of its graduates fall
behind average earnings of high school
graduates. Around 23% of colleges in the
federal database classify as low
earnings.
And that is your Bloomberg Brief, Lisa.
Vanya, thank you so much and thank you
for everything this morning. Daryl Daryl
Cronk of Wells Fargo, thank you so much
for being with us this morning. Always
wonderful to get your thoughts.
>> Thank you. Have a wonderful weekend. Up
next, setting you up for the day ahead,
plus former House Majority Leader Eric
Cantor on the Fed's path ahead [music]
for interest rates. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance.
>> [music]
[music]
>> There's still questions surrounding
[music] you know, the big tech, the AI
story, but you're seeing the equal
weight S&P 500 do better, Russell 2000.
I think it's helpful that the Fed is
buying some key bills up to 40 billion
dollars [music] a month. So, you're
seeing all that. There's a lot more
questions around the AI data center, but
as rates are coming down, I think we're
going to get rate cuts faster than the
market's pricing. [music] That should be
really good for small caps and the broad
economy. That was Peter Shear of Academy
Securities. As small caps continue to
outperform, it's what we're seeing this
morning. You are seeing the broader
indices lower ahead of the open, down
[music] just about a tenth of a percent
on the S&P. You are seeing that bond
sell-off continue on the long end, even
though that front end has been pegged
4.18%
and you do [music] see silver surging to
new all-time highs, less than an hour
away from the cash open. Here are your
morning movers. Yuhaira on it. Yuhaira.
Hi Lisa. Broadcom's results had all the
makings of a strong quarter with an
earnings beat and a dividend [music]
boost, yet shares are falling more than
five and a half percent in the premarket
after its 73
>> [music]
>> billion dollar AI backlog for the next
18 months fell short of the most bullish
expectations [music]
on the street. CEO Hock Tan tried to
soothe investors, calling it the
minimum, yet it was [music] not enough.
Meanwhile, with social media driving
this mindset that you can't wear the
same thing twice because of photos,
people are flocking to Rent the Runway.
[music] Shares are surging 25% after the
the company handily beat earnings
estimates and [music] said that it is
sticking to its guidance for
double-digit subscriber growth this
year. [music] And we end on Lululemon.
Shares are rising more than 10 and a
half percent now in the premarket. The
company saying its its CEO Calvin
McDonald will step down at the end of
January after more than a year of
underperformance, and we heard from Chip
Wilson, [music] the founder, in the last
hour. He was one of the company's
biggest shareholders. He slammed the
board for letting value slip under
McDonald's, and now he wants the CEO
search to be led by fresh [music]
uh independent directors, Lisa. Thank
you so much, Yuhaira, and have a
wonderful weekend. Meanwhile, stocks is
hovering near those all-time highs
heading into the opening bell as
investors set their sights on growth
possibilities in 2026. Former House
Majority Leader Eric Cantor joins us
now, currently of Moelis, and I want to
start on the economy and all of these
deals that we see going on. I mean, is
this just an incredibly robust deals
pipeline on the heels of a benign
economy and wide-open capital markets?
Yeah, Lisa, I I think you're right. I
mean, I I know at Moelis, you know, our
bankers are really busy as we come into
the very end of the year, running
through the tape. And so, there's a lot
of dialogue. We're in the business of
advising on transactions. Transactions
are a tool for companies to accelerate
their growth, to figure out how to
better position, to gain efficiencies.
And as you say, there are accommodative
capital markets right now, too. Uh and
so, we are seeing just a lot of
dialogue, a lot of activity. And I think
a general optimism as we come to the uh
new year. What's interesting is in
markets right now, you're seeing a bit
of skepticism, pushback. Broadcom,
perfect example of that. We also saw
that with Oracle. Uh debt investors are
saying you need to pay up a little bit
more. As Vice Chair of Moelis, you
seeing that pushback in any way, shape,
or form? Or are deals just coming out of
the woodwork uh in ways that that keep
even your associates really busy?
>> Well, you know, I think if you look at
the if you look at the strategic sort of
universe, I mean, they are and have
always had a list of where they're
heading in terms of targets and the kind
of deals they want to do. And certainly
in the sponsor world, there are other
sorts of forces at work, you know, the
need to recycle capital. Um you know,
assets that may need uh to be to go into
a continuation fund. I mean, there are
all types of different tools available
for
uh clients, investors, sponsors,
strategics. Uh and as you say, I think
overall, the framework in the
environment is more constructive now.
Certainly Washington, when people look
to the regulatory impact, we have sort
of come out from under this very, very
negative regulatory outlook that we had
in the prior administration.
>> Talk a bit more about that. So, when
you're talking to executives about that
regulatory environment, how would you
describe it? I mean, we see some of
these agencies where there's not a full
panoply of of commissioners, for
instance. Uh we heard it from the
Treasury Secretary may there's some new
corporate tax policies coming here uh
into effect in the coming weeks. How how
much of it is still in coit or clear for
you at this point of where it's headed
regulatorily? You know, I I think with
with um this president and this
administration, I think there is just
sort of a an acceptance that you're
never really going to know for certain
anything because of the way that, you
know, the rapidity that things are about
in Washington, the way that President
Trump sort of approaches, you know, the
the power he's got and the position,
very unique. Uh but, I think on the
whole, it's a much more constructive
regulatory environment, and you just
don't have this overhang that you had in
the prior Biden administration, where
you know, there was really an
anti-business sentiment. And if you just
remember, that it's like eons ago, but
with the likes of Lina Khan and Jonathan
Kanter, they were sitting in these spots
in the head of the antitrust regulators,
and they really definitionally said, "If
you are bigger, that is bad, and
therefore we're not really inclined to
allow you to do it." Whereas this
administration, it's not like it was
under the Bush administration, but it's
certainly much more constructive, and
they like to do deals.
>> As you've watched that parade of
executives going through the Oval
Office, some of whom are giving up
equity stakes to the US government, what
are you thinking as a as a lifelong
Republican, this kind of new new breed
of Trump Republicanism that involves,
again, uh it's not dirigisme, but it's
sort of like that the state is having a
heavier hand in the way that these
companies Well, listen, I I yeah, you
know, David, I still remain a limited
government, free market, Republican and
conservative. So, it's obviously
something very new to me to see that the
government wants to take a stake in a
business and or a toll if it's an
export. That is something that is
obviously, and I think for the majority
of the members that are in the Congress
now, it is something that's very new.
But, I do think it's much more in
keeping with what President Trump's
about and what his career's been about.
It's all about deal making. And I think
if you look at sort of the Intel
situation and what happened there, it
was more of a re- response to the
disdain that the White House had for the
Chips Act and just giving away money and
instead say, "Hey, we need to do
something for the taxpayers." Now, where
I have an issue is the governance
rights.
You know, that is, you know, it's not as
if the federal government has not
stepped in before. I mean, you and I
were down there when the great financial
crisis happened and and we're a lot of
bailouts. You look at the airline
industry, you look at the GSEs. I mean,
there's a lot of history, but the but
the difference is
before there was always sort of a path
and a known path to an exit. And and now
not so clear. This is sort of the
concern is that right now, if you're
putting an emphasis on deal making,
deregulation and potentially job wanting
the Fed to cut rates more aggressively
at a time that the economy is still
chugging along, at what point are you
setting up the risk of that kind of
scenario once again in 2027 or 2028?
Well, listen, I think this president has
been very consistent in his message of
growth and he wants growth and and that
is the way and that is where sort of the
the the the more traditional sort of
conservative Republican can come along
with the agenda because it is, we've
always been about real growth comes from
the private sector. And if you look at
where the the administration has been
taking stakes, it's really in these
industries that are critical to the
national security.
It is about AI related. It is about the
rare earths minerals. It is all about
how do we go and continue to take the
lead in these critical sectors vis-à-vis
China and other bad actors.
>> How do you think this administration has
done with respect to messaging around
affordability? This is something that
has been dogging the administration
quite a bit. Now, we're talking about
dolls and and Christmas presents, but
there's this issue of people aren't
feeling great even though the economy is
chugging around. What what do you think
what do you think the Congress should be
doing? How do you think the president
should be messaging this?
>> Well, you know, it's interesting. After
the off-year elections, one of which was
in my state of Virginia, and the party
didn't fare well, President was fairly
nimble and 10 days later turning around
and taking the steps he did in
lifting the tariffs on 200 food items,
and which directly impact people when
they go into the grocery store to look
to prepare for the holiday meals,
including not just the things that we
don't grow here, but like beef, right?
And and Brazilian beef. And there's a
real inflationary pressure in the beef
industry in this country, and I think
the administration took the steps
necessary to provide the relief. So, I
think you're going to see a lot more
accommodation in terms of that as we
head into the new year. And look, the
president's also, this is something also
very novel, David, about your original
point about the kinds of things this
administration's doing. He's talking
about a dividend from the tariffs. I
mean, but that is something directly
related to the issue, Lisa, you bring
up, and that is how is a president
supposed to bring down prices when we're
in a free market? Don't have a whole lot
of time left, but I want to ask you
about the prospects of the fiscal
stimulus in the new year from the tax
bill. I mean, the the president talks
about so much. Maybe he hasn't been
focused enough sort of on the potential
benefits of that for ordinary Americans.
How do you see that playing out in the
year ahead?
>> Look, the the what's going on with AI
and with capex necessary to bring about
this infrastructure,
not just in the data center piece and
and all that, but on the power end of
things. I mean, there there is a
tremendous tailwind we're going to
experience from the ability to
completely, you know, write off the
expense up front.
So, I, you know, I do think, and I think
most economists will say there will be
an uptick in terms of what that will do
to increase people's willingness to go
and put capital to work. Vice Chair Eric
Cantor of Moelis and Company, also the
former House Majority Leader. Thank you
so much for being with us this morning.
Happy holidays.
>> Have a wonderful weekend and happy
holidays. Coming up on Monday, Cameron
Dawson of NewEdge Wealth, Sarah Hunt of
Alpine Saxon Woods, Russ Koestrich of
BlackRock and Keith Lerner of Truist. A
real [music] focus on the data, David,
next week.
>> Yes, looking ahead to those jobs data. I
think highly anticipated. We'll see sort
of how that changes our read [music] of
what happened at the Fed meeting this
week.
>> Exactly. Is it good news good news is
bad news good news? How are you going to
message a Fed rate cut that might come
on the heels of some softness in the
labor market? Right now, you are seeing
a market that's just a touch of softness
after reaching all-time highs. Again,
you can't keep a good market down. Look
at that. We're almost to positive
territory and we are seeing yields climb
on the long end, 4.18%.
That does it for us. Have a wonderful
weekend. This was Bloomberg
Surveillance.
>> [music]